To all the people who are babbling about how the movie had no plot,I ve got words 4 things to say to you 1.Its a Exploitation flick. 2.Its Italian Exploitation flick. 3.Its is a classic Italian Exploitation flick. 4.Its a Cult flick Enjoyed by some and despised by most The reason i didn t give it full marks is that it doesn t have as much nudity as i wished for,but still pretty good.It has very good atmosphere which i totally love about these movies and the wooden acting also makes me happy.If i want to see great acting i would watch a Mira Nair film. The lead actress is absolutely gorgeous with a great body,and she would do great in my classic exploit collection.
This story documenting the rise of China s first emperor and his efforts to unify the empire was the most expensive movie production in Chinese history. br br It s worth every penny. Visually dazzling cinematography, a sweeping score and outstanding characters make this one of the finest epics ever put on film foreign or otherwise. Please do not miss the opportunity to see this on the big screen.
the plot of this movie revolves around this submarine builder who s a real bastard and he wants to launch his new sub that can travel thousands of feet deep. unfortunately, he can t. oh yeah, and he s haunted by the memories of his mom and dad getting eaten by a megalodon when he was a child. the guy meets some scientist whos pretty hot, and they and this crew of about a hundred people set out on the main character s submarine to kill the same megalodon that killed his parents.now, the shark in this movie is .
this movie is awesome. sort of. it dosent really say much, or do much, but it is an awesome movie to watch because of how stupid it is. the high school is taken over by evil ms.togar that hates the one thing that all the students love, rock roll. riff randle get everyone tickets for the ramones show, and this movie peaks with a take over of the school led my riff randle the ramones. this movie has everything, a bad script, questionable directing, bad actors ie clint howard p.j. soles , an awesome soundtrack,extreme campyness, these elements much more come together to make this what it is,a classic. note during the live ramones set, notice that darby crash of the germs is in the front of the crowd. neat o.
Wow, this movie was bad. Now the acting was decent enough, but its clear the actors had little to work with, they tried to save this stink bomb but there really was no hope. The story was flimsier than rice paper and the special effects shots were mostly stolen, many from BATTLE BEYOND THE STARS. The ship was apparently made of card board and the technology was primitive enough that humans who had never seen the systems could take control and hack the computer. Pathetic. I ve seen fan made films that were far superior in writing and effects. The only reason I gave this move a 3 is that it makes a good MST3K flick, get some friends, get some booze and enjoy heckling it between the few T A scenes.
I would have to say that the pilot for Hawaii Five 0 was really, really cool. I just saw it again tonight, though I remember seeing it a couple times when I was a kid and even back then I was amazed at Steve McGarrett s awesomeness. The problem with it, though, is that again and again, you really need to suspend your sense of disbelief because so much of the story really is super human and impossible to accept. Unlike episodes of the TV show where Steve McGarrett was mostly passive and a man overseeing his minions, in .
I ve never seen a film starring DeNiro which disappointed. He is a brilliant actor, one of the very best, and I expect first class entertainment. Some situations in this film are hard to swallow i.e. the helicopter chase where machine guns fail to stop DeNiro and his two companions , a dip in a very turbulent river fails to shake the determination of DeNiro s pursuit of Grodin who manages, despite the encumbrance of a large overcoat, to remain afloat. Aside from a few other minor flaws it is good entertainment with lots of wise cracks from DeNiro which help underline the comedic aspects of the film. I ve seen it three times and will see it again.........K.M.
Don t worry, reading this won t actually spoil anything. I give this movie a one only because laughability isn t a metric for movies. Since this is IMDb, I guess story structure, believability, continuity, production values and special effects are paramount. In each of these areas, American Ninja 3 Blood Hunt, fails. Speaking of Blood Hunt, let s start there. The title of a movie generally focuses on some aspect of the film. While the Ninja is American, I saw no Hunts that were bloody and no blood that was hunted. I guess the title was suppose to .
I was fortunate enough to catch a midnight screening of this movie tonight. I must say, I was expecting a horribly cheap movie with bad acting and a mediocre plot. I was completely mistaken. This movie was not only incredibly entertaining, but everything about it I simply loved. Bruce Campbell was as amazing as ever. The biggest surprise was none other than Ted Raimi, you know, Sam s little brother. He played the mad doctor s henchman to the greatest extent. Somewhere between physical comedy and clever dialogue, he did nothing but shine. But i really cannot ignore the .
Only adding to the chorus of people who deemed this to be unredeemable I will state the following without repeating the obvious FLAWS plainly stated by some of the other commentators The film is shot on video what type of camera I don t know but the cameraman had it on AUTOFOCUS ! all the time, so that any slight movement makes it go In and Out of focus. In many of the scenes the actors themselves go OUT of focus for their scenes. This alone screams Amateur . br br I also noticed that out in the middle .
Now I get it. The title refers to each audience member s immediate post reaction after 68 minutes of mental torture. Trying too hard to be terrifying, lacking good dialogue even any fear for that matter really makes The Screaming Skull more like A Snoring Dull. Albeit, the mansion and property set in black and white does set a dark tone for the movie, but that s about it. The only scary thing about this flop is that people actually made money on this! Remember the coffin guarantee in the beginning? That may be the funniest thing I have .
What a disaster! Normally, when one critiques a historical movie, it s always fun to point out the inaccuracies that slip in, usually added by the writers to create more dramatic situations. However, Imperium Nerone is a whole nuther kind of animal. In this movie you strain to find ANYTHING at all that is confirmed by the historical record amidst the farrago of nonsense and fiction presented as the life of Rome s bad boy artist emperor. And it s a pity, because Nero is one of the most fascinating of all the Roman emperors. His life was filled .
The plot of Racine s Andromaque has been described as A loves B, who loves C, who loves D, who loves E, who is dead . I wondered if this was an influence on the plot of September , which features a scarcely less complicated string of unrequited love interests. Howard is in love with Lane, who is in love with Peter, who is in love with Stephanie, who is not sure whether she is in love with Peter or not. Lane is the owner of the New England country house in which the action takes place obviously enough during the month of September .
an amazing film. unpredictable, even to a film junkie and his or hers thousand films. Pedro is a true storyteller.this film withstands numerous viewings.as always, Pedro s bright color schemes make this one too a visual delight
Wanted Dead or Alive was a half hour western series appearing on CBS television for three seasons from 1958 1961. The series actually got its start as an episode of another popular TV series of the time, Trackdown , during the second half of the 57 58 TV season. Wanted Dead or Alive starred Steve McQueen as bounty hunter Josh Randall in what was a very good start to an outstanding acting career in feature films. As played by McQueen, Josh Randall was the most laconic of a broad television landscape of would be laconic western series heroes. Josh .
While you may think that this is a silly concept Aliens crash land on earth, adapt to the culture, and eventually succeed and prosper, all the while averting capture and deportation by diligent and determined civil serpents of the renowned INS, only to be suddenly rescued by their own kind and returned to their home planet where Beldar is tried and convicted for losing his space ship. Alas, all is not for naught. Using his obviously over sized brain, Beldar successfully knarfles the Garthok , using the things he learned and the skills he picked up on earth. In this story there is a life lesson no matter how difficult the project, how dark the hour, or how vocal one s detractors, one can overcome by putting the old noodle to work and meeting the challenge head on, just as Beldar did.
A poor farmer struggles to keep his family fed after leaving the security of working as a farmhand to develop his own farm. Renoir tells his tale in a simple, realistic style that is very effective it is impressive that despite being a Frenchman he is able to capture the spirit of the American South. As the farmer, Scott gives a very natural and nuanced performance it is unfortunate that he was not able to parlay this role into a better career. Field is terrific as the devoted wife who tirelessly works the field alongside her husband, while Bondi is amusing as the eccentric granny. Other notables in the cast are Naish as a grumpy neighbor and Kemper as Scott s city buddy.
Getting sent to prison for having a second baby even though the first one died? That s really unfair, but what a good idea for our prisons we have now. Not with that evil warden who kills people, but activating pain to prisoners who break the rules. That would be great. When seeing this film the first time, it makes me wonder why they don t allow prisoners to dream good things about intimacy, yet they allow assault by that 187 guy. It wasn t good how John was mind wiped for not killing a man, because if he .
George Waggner directs this John Wayne classic. Soon after the Battle of New Orleans, in the early 1800 s, a Kentucky rifleman Wayne and his fighting buddy Oliver Hardy linger in a settlement of French, homesteading in Alabama. The frontiersmen duo saves the community from a strong assault by land grabbers. Action packed and well photographed and an attention holder throughout. This film is well worth watching again and again. Wayne and Hardy work well together and make an interesting team. The cast if full of talent Vera Ralston, Philip Dorn, Anna Logan, John Howard and Marie Windsor.
Saw this film when it was an entry in Santa Fe Film Festival. Heavy film! Depiction of a completely dysfunctional family taken to another level of the extreme, might have left me depressed to the extreme, had it not been for very funny sight gags and dialogue along the way which lightened the film s overall tone. The relatively uplifting ending gave hope for those affected by the initial tragedy. Still, I did not walk out of the theatre ready to go to a fun party. The film stayed with me for several days. br br Brought back memories of Ordinary People , but with humor mixed in with the tragedy. I thought the acting was excellent, especially by Sigourney Weaver and Emile Hirsh. How each character dealt with the tragedy was at times sad, self defeating, but also at times hilarious. Clever dialogue, and situations.
Spoilers within What a dull, predictable, non scary snore fest. The movie had no character development I felt no empathy towards any of the characters except may be the small boy , and did not care what happened to any of them. The movie had so many clich d bits, or elements stolen from other horror movies. br br The movie was so predictable. Many times I would be saying to myself, Let me guess, fill in guess happens next? Yup, I was right. Even in the opening scene, I predicted that the attack on the family was by some man, probably the father because only the wife and children were attacked . Sure enough, that is what happened of course, you have to wait 79 minutes to find out for sure .
This movie was soooo bad I erased the tape before I finished recording it. Here is why 1. Jurors cannot contact an attorney during a trial, if they do... mistrial, and if the attorney gets caught it is an ethical violation that would effect their license. 2. No police dept would leave the decedents car in the parking lot, without collecting personal effects of the victim no less. 3. No parking lot would keep a dead persons car parked in their lot for as long as it takes a murder trial to be tried. 4. No female attorney for either side would wear a short, tight, leather skirt during a trial. For these glaring and about 10 others, this is the worst movie depicting a criminal trial EVER!!!
I m so confused. I ve been a huge Seagal fan for 25 years. I ve seen all of his films, and many of those dozens of times. I can only describe this film as bizarre. Steven Seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film, but I have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines, with a thin, whiny imposter s voice no less. What I also don t get is, if they had to dub SOME of his lines, why does his own .
Representatives of an alien civilization on the brink of extinction arrive on Earth and kidnap two top research geneticists in the hopes they can find them a cure to their problem. Looking to stop a potential alien invasion and rescue the scientists, a group of soldiers is sent on a mission that could decide the fate of two civilizations, according to the DVD sleeve s synopsis. Badly dubbed, from Italian to English, War of the Robots is about as complete a waste of resources as you can imagine. It stars handsome Antonio Sabato if you want to see soap star Antonio Sabato Jr. s father in an extremely cheap Star Wars ripped movie. He juggles beautiful Malisa Longo and Bowie coiffed Yanti Somer. The film s sound effects much have been recorded inside somebody s intestines. La guerra dei robot 1978 Alfonso Brescia Antonio Sabato, Yanti Somer, Malisa Longo
If French director Jaques Tati were born in Italy, had a much smaller budget and was somewhat of a pervert he probably would have directed films like In the Beachouse , a wildly offbeat comedy with no plot! The entire movie more or less takes place in an ocean side dressing house, a series of reoccurring site gags and hilarious character studies. A real time interaction between a large group of unusual people including 2 prostitutes and their reluctant and somewhat bizarre client, an all girl swim team, a large black dog and a scene stealing white chihuahua, and .
I could not stand the woman who played the mother. I wanted her to shut up. She had a bizarre manner of speaking and the lines she was given to read didn t make it any better. I had no idea why the men of the town were so taken with her to cause all these problems except that in a town populated by men she seemed to be the only woman over ten and under sixty. Even after a terrible tragedy her voice was devoid of human emotion, she seemed to have no ability to grasp the events of her life. She delivered her lines with the same emotion whether she was saying i love you , i hate you , the bank is foreclosing , my dress is on fire .
As I watched this film, I kept asking myself What s the killer s motivation s ? Not until the last few minutes did that become clear well, as clear as it could be, given the narrative structure reminiscent of the plot of Se7en 1995 but with the addition of a number of flashbacks that do more to confuse than to wholly satisfy. And, there are obvious nods to not only Se7en, but Silence of the lambs 1991 , also, particularly the cinematography and scene construction. At one point, echoing a scene from the former, Detective Cho Suh kyu .
Obvious tailored vehicle for Ryan Philippe. It seem the studios were hoping he could play a lead tough cop and not look like he s eternally 16 he can t . br br Heavyweights Jason Statham and Welsey Snipes serve as bookends to Phillippe, but when they re not on the screen Phillippe flounders his shallow acting style has nothing to bounce off of. br br The script is a typical late 20th century potboiler good cop bad cop with a ridiculously predictable plot and dialogue lifted out of 1970s TV cop shows, such as The Streets of San .
Was a college acting class exercise filmed and released as a movie? The formulaic posturing and stylized drivel of a horror soap opera for people who don t like horror films but wish to be able to tell that friends that, yes, they did see a horror movie. It even features soap opera music. br br Do books falling off library shelves scare you? Do doors shutting terrify you? Then this flick is for you. Have you ever been kidnapped? Yeah, most of us have. When you were raped, was it simply ignored, because the rapist was the cool .
Titanic is a long but well made tragic adventure love story that takes place during the ill fated voyage on the unsinkable ship. Writer Director James Cameron has done a great job of making this movie about a fictional love story between two very different people and combining that with the real event of the Titanic that sunk after hitting an iceberg on April 15, 1912 claiming thousands of lives who perished in the icy freeing waters of the North Atlantic. The two leads in the film are great in their roles including Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. They .
Licence fees to watch this trash, And pay for it with hard earned cash? Humourless, no hint of laughter, God knows how it won a BAFTA! br br We ve now been subjected to Eastenders for twenty years. When, oh when is the Great British public going to see this awful soap for what it is? Crass Pap! This programme no more depicts reality in the East End of London than everyday life in Beirut, and never has done. br br The Eastenders I know the real ones are kind, courageous, hardworking and loyal. And one of their greatest attributes is humour. It was the Eastenders who went through the worst of the London blitz and still stuck two fingers up to Hitler. And what do we see on our screens for five days of the week including an omnibus ?
PLEASE?! If this is about technology and what man does to kill others and ourselves, I think I missed his entire point. Because I walked out feeling like Reggio relied on cold war era footage of space exploration, and had NOTHING new to add to the dialogue about fears of technology. Trails of 1 and 0, denoting technology and math and science DONE that. Anyone out there see The Matrix? And motion studies of people in motion? Ever heard of Edward Muybridge? At least he uses exact clips of Muybridge s photographs of human motion studies. br br This film was derivative, and the score is just enough Philip Glass to sound like EVERYTHING he s done in the past 10 years... Avoid this film at ALL costs!!
Alas, Francis Ford Coppola was wrong. The digital camera revolution has not resulted in an explosion of talent gracing our screens. All it has delivered is the never ending glut of amateur material, posturing as cinema, that clog the shelves of video stores worldwide. YOU MOVE YOU DIE is a continuation of this never ending cycle of sub mediocre, ego driven and wholly wretched home movies. Suffering through YOU MOVE YOU DIE is like watching a gang of young schoolboys, inspired by a movie they just saw, playing Goodies and Baddies as they chase each other around the drab back streets of their boring small town. They play fight and play act, and do all things their parents would frown upon like swearing and smoking .
I remember seeing Sea of Love at the theater in 1989 and left saying to myself I had just seen one of the best thrillers made. Sea of Love is just one of those movies that kept me in great suspense and excitement I really felt surprised in the end when the killer was revealed. Since then I have caught Sea of Love about a dozen times on cable and still to this day enjoy the thrilling drama. The story is just great with the legend Al Pacino as Detective Frank Keller who tries to catch and bait a .
okay, but just plain dumb. Not bad for a horror comedy film. I was reading how people switched it with the Michael version and that is a good trick in my opinion because some grown ups hate horrors and when they see this one it will get them interested in horror films like this one or maybe never seen it the horror possibly comedy uncle Sam, i ll have to see about renting or buying that film but the 2nd is way better then this one but i bought this one on VHS of Amazon and got it November 21, the day before thanksgiving. worth the four bucks, l.o.l. at this film. 9 10
I saw Saathiya on December 20 at Naz8 Cinemas and again on December 25 at the same venue.I liked it even more the second time and intend to see it many more times on the big screen before I finally own the original DVD of the movie. Vivek Oberoi is a talent to watch.After his triumph in Company, he is superb here.Rani Mukerji as Suhani will greatly increase her fan following with this movie. A.R. Rahman and Anil Mehta who were also part of last year s Lagaan are once again magnificent. Shah Rukh Khan and Tabu make brief .
A disturbing documentary on a Capitalist electricity company trying to bring the light efficient electricity service to Georgia, the former Soviet republic, which has been tauted as entertaining and funny , as if it were a Saturday Night Live sketch. One has to have lived in a Socialist country as I did to fully understand the situation of the Georgian people or any other country previously ruled by a Socialist regime. I found nothing funny about the situation of Georgia. It s rather tragic. After you ve lived in a system in which you may have paid 40 dollars .
I saw this film several years ago on television here in France and thought it was great. It was so eerie and atmospheric. Jean Simmons was lovely and fetching as young Caroline whose evil Uncle Silas, played superbly by Derrick DeMarney and his unscrupulous cohort Madame Rougierre try to do away with her in a gloomy mansion along with the aid of Silas s son Dudley Katina Paxinou is brilliant as Madame . Unfortunately, I didn t have a VCR back then and so I couldn t record it. Now that I have gotten a video recorder, the only .
Are you familiar with concept of children s artwork? While it is not the greatest Picasso any three year old has ever accomplished with their fingers, you encourage them to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason a parent should hold that back on a child. Typically, if a child loves to paint or draw, you will immediately see the groundwork of their future style. You will begin to see their true form in these very primitive doodles. Well, this concept of children s artwork is how I felt about Fuqua s .
Four words account for why this film was made She Done Him Wrong . The huge commercial success of that Mae West vehicle convinced the studio brass that Gay 90s melodramas were a viable proposition. Here we are rewarded with a fast moving, well written romp which neatly targets the personalities of its stars. Wallace Beery and George Raft are excellent as friendly rivals Jackie Cooper is a little harder to take, but it is Fay Wray who steals the film with her stock in trade damsel in distress. With a strong director as Walsh proves himself to be Wray could carry a lot of punch, and she is utterly believable as the object of both Raft and Beery s affection. Lots of atmosphere, beautifully designed, this is a forgotten film worthy of revival.
This tough to see little picture played at the Mods Rockers 2007 festival. It is a wonderful and loving look at Harry Nilsson, using many famous faces who sit for interviews, rarely seen TV performances and behind the scenes footage of Nilsson at work. There s even a few shots from Son Of Dracula . This movie is the final and fitting tribute to one of the finest voices, the most clever songwriter and the funniest man in popular music. It s a crime that this man s name is not as well known as some of the songs .
I m not going to criticize the movie. There isn t that much to talk about. It has good animal actions scenes which were probably pretty astonishing at the time. Clyde Beatty isn t exactly a matin e idol. He s a little slight and not particularly good looking. But that s OK. He s the man in that lion cage. We know that when he can t take the time away from his lions to tend to his girlfriend, he will end up on an island with her and have to save the day. Someone said earlier that .
A very young Ginger Rogers trades quick quips and one liners with rival newspaper reporter Lyle Talbot in this 1933 murder mystery from Poverty Row film maker Allied Productions. The movie opens with a wealthy businessman taking a header from the roof garden of a high rise apartment house, or was it from a lover s apartment? Rogers actually has two identities at the film s outset, that of Miss Terry, the dead victim s secretary, along with her newspaper byline of Pat Morgan. Mistakenly phoning her story directly to Ted Rand Talbot instead of her paper s rewrite .
as a sequel,this is not a bad movie.i actually liked it better than the 1st one.i found it more entertaining.it seemed like it was shot documentary style.at first this bothered me,as i thought it just looked too low budget.but it grew on me,and it made the movie seem more authentic.this movie has more dry one liners than the original,which is a good thing,in my opinion.i do think at times they went a bit over the top with some of the scenes and the characters.it almost becomes a parody of itself,which may be the point.this movie at least has some .
I ve loved all of Cream s work, even as there is such a small and precious catalog of work to take hold. Even when they go for as long as twenty minutes with some of their songs Spoonful and Toad off of Wheels of Fire are prime examples still rock the socks off of more than half of any given rock act working today. This power to gel on stage is given one of the most anticipate rock band reunions ever with their Royal Albert Hall shows last year. They may have gotten older, as have their fans, .
Having sat and watched this film I can only wonder at the reasons for creating the film. This was without a doubt one of the worst films I ve ever seen and had no redeeming features. br br If it was supposed to be funny then it might have managed to be a very weak comedy but as an action thriller it was dire. br br Slow, no plot, no real action, nothing approaching good dialogue and I ve no idea about the characters. What else can I say. Avoid.
The rise of punk music was scarcely documented on film and most people tend to focus on the happenings of other cities such as London or New York. Penelope Spheeris managed to preserve a snapshot of Los Angeles circa 79 81 which proves a vibrant and diverse art music community had spawned which rivalled any other. To some, the bands read like a who s who of now legendary American punk Black Flag, X, Circle Jerks, Germs, Fear. Purists argue that vital bands were missed Weirdos, Zeros, Flesheaters and that the movie was the cause of an onslaught of suburban poseurs and macho violence. However, the issues touched upon in the film remain relevant, the intensity of the music remains unmatched and the influence continues to be seen and heard in the cliques fashions of today.
As I watched The Survivors, I couldn t help but wonder what was going through the mind of director Michael Ritchie when he was presented with the script. Outside of the enormous gaps in plot and development, he had to see some humor in it somewhere to cast two direct opposites of the comedy spectrum to helm this project. There had to be a mission or a reason in Ritchie s mind when he decided that Robin Williams, a fast talking comedian that can sometimes be uncontrollable, and Walter Matthau, a slow methodical comedian that appeals to the every .
This is actually a very human story of an actor who has had acclaim throughout his career, but who has now reached that age where his appearance no longer benefits him. He also has the disadvantage of two things. One is that he quite kind in a bloodthirsty, winner take all society. He is also living in the past. He is still carrying a torch for his wife, who died very young. This is about a man who must confront his past in order to move on. The acting is quite good and the transitions between contemporary time and the past work quite well. We get to see how he can become superior to the dream world he always saw as the model for his life. It s about the reclamation of a life lost.
If I could rate this movie as a zero I would but the lowest rating is a 1. This movie looks as if some high school kids broke into their AV department, stole some equipment and decided to make a movie. The DVD boxes these movies are getting displayed with are so much better. I used to look at DVD cases to see if it looked like a cheesy B movie flick this one didn t look like a bad one I was wrong it was pretty bad. If you are willing to waste an hour and a half of your life, do it watching paint dry instead of this. I just love the name of the production company though Aeriola productions!
I have always been a fan of Bottom, grabbing as many videos as I could find of the series here in the states. The chemistry between Rik and Ade is always genius, and the combination of smart writing and utterly stupid humor seems to work without fail. I thus sat down to watch this movie with great eagerness... and was utterly disappointed by the end. br br The first 3 4 of the movie can best be described as uninspired and poorly directed sorry, Ade! , but with some utterly brilliant moments. Unfortunately, these laugh out loud moments make .
This is one of the better movies made in Bollywood recently. Everything about the movie is great, especially the acting...however, has anyone noticed that the movie is an obvious copy of Hollywood s Steven Spielberg s Catch me if you can ? Sure, there are the slight touches to the original, like in here there are two fraudsters instead of one....and also, holding to the Indian tradition of movies they must both be of different sexes and must inevitably fall in love and have a child...not to forget the extremely well choreographed dance sequences in between, which is probably .
Just dull dull dull dull dull. Oh and pointless. What art there is in this movie is limited to still compositions. A great work to demonstrate the importance of a cinematographic eye rather than a compositional one. Some pretty black and white pictures of fruit ripening on the vine and some waving wheat. A silly segment where a man discusses the fact that he s about to die, gets a little something to eat and says ok I m going to die now and does. Other than that 70 odd minutes of obscure and ineffective propaganda in favor of tractors and collectivization. If Lenin had seen this movie he would have gone into investment banking, rather than waste more time espousing communism. Please don t waste your time on this.
What can I say? Truly awful. Get has been stars and some hip new ones to make a lesbian themed film for HBO. The result a dry stale muffin that s been overcooked. Everything about this film is embarrassing, from the sanctimonious and pass treatment of lesbians as victims to the terrifyingly awful third installment where Sharon Stone and Ellen DeGeneres offer an achingly sentimental tale of sperm banks in a style that only be described as thirtysomething on prozac or ecstasy. It feels so chaotic that you often wonder if they actually had to act. As for the rest, the first installment with Vanessa Redgrave contains more holes than a golf course while the second with Chloe Sevingy and Michelle Williams feels too hip for its own good and sits uncomfortably with the other two parts.
Personally, I have no problem with the acting, nor the script. I do have a problem with the giant bird. It was simply AWFUL. Plain and simple. br br One s first impulse is the roll around laughing when one sees it. What were they thinking!? Budget be damned. The monster bird was a monstrous joke. br br Of course, in my opinion if the producers could obtain actors such as Ankrum, Corday and Morrow, then they would have the special effect people come up with a much better beast. Oh well. What is done is done. This will be the case of the eternal joke on them that was unintended.
1st watched 6 18 2009 2 out of 10 Dir Pete Riski Weird psychotic movie about a girl with autism who is being tested in a hospital, the power flickers, and then all hell breaks loose. I m honestly not sure what the intentions were of the filmmakers on this one. What we get for the next 1 hour and a half at least it wasn t longer was a twisted horror twilight zone zombiefest ghost movie that really ended up making no sense at all even to the very end. Initially, after the power goes out, everyone is .
I watched this movie and totally enjoyed the premise. I have not seen to many movies about pregnant women fighting off the would be baby snatcher. But I was left hanging at the end. No way she could have survived this onslaught to her body without immediate medical help. So flash to what is happening between her and the old guy in car. He picks her up and the story is told to him. He advises her and gives her some guidance as to rationale of both sides involved etc. We never know who he is or where he .
This mess is so bad it doesn t even qualify as horror. Debbie Rochon s talent is completely wasted in this film. She is not even the villain. The rest of the actors look like porno wannabes and the plot is so lame I won t even mention it. Do yourself a favor and skip to the end credits to hear upcoming band TwoMarlowe perform Better Than Sex it s total 80 s Disco candy song. Nice up tempo song about Gambleing Sex. Way more entertaining than Bleed . Put it this way, When one has the equipment to copy videos, but decides only to record the song at the end of movie, you have a really BAD movie.
Cary Grant and Irene Dunne give unforgettable performances in the this simple tale. Grant plays a small time newspaper man who is determined to run his own show. This leads to money troubles which puts undue pressure on his marriage. This is a 65 year old film but the same struggles face us today. This movie touches on the subject of adoption. It handles it in a loving and emotional manner. Grant and Dunne deal with real and difficult issues in a realistic and wonderful manner. The children used to portray their adopted child over the years were excellent, .
The Evil Below starts on The Straits of San Sebastian 1683 as the 17th century treasure ship the El Diablo sinks in a violent thunderstorm. Jump to The Straits of San Sebastian Present Day where two divers are exploring the beautiful underwater coral reefs that are rich in wildlife, the come across the sunken wreck of the El Diablo explore it but are attacked killed by something that looks like a vicious eel. Captain Max Cash Wayne Crawford owns runs a boat for hire named the Vagrant Viking which caters for tourists who want to fish, dive generally explore .
I think too many people are trying to compare this show to Sex and the City, i myself was a HUGE fan of S TC, but this show is not supposed to be the same and they should not be put up against each other. I think if you watch this show objectively you will really get into it.. i have! I think its very entertaining and have become hooked. Even better, Cashmere has two Ausie actors in the main roles of Zoe and Juliet! Its always great to see Australians doing well over in the U.S. I would definitely recommend watching Cashmere Mafia, i think it is refreshing to have strong women leads in a TV series and we should be supporting it.
With Tarzan Johnny Weismuller and Jane Maureen O Sullivan nicely settled into their treetop des res complete with all mod cons , it was only going to be a matter of time before we heard the pitter patter of little footsteps other than Cheetah s, of course . However, with the Hays Code in full effect, and our arboreal lovebirds not actually wed, they sure weren t going to be permitted to have a child of their own via the normal method. The writers of the Tarzan series get around this problem by having a child delivered from the .
Well just seen it for the 3rd time DVD format. I like this movie a lot, the plot is great, the weirdness admires me and i love the ending. The other seens cut for the movie for time reasons are great and should have been there, no problem if the movie was to be some 30 minutes long.
Kolchak was a TV series that really didn t fit into any category. Part horror, part comedy, some social awareness thrown in, and what we have is something that I think people weren t ready for. It s a shame really, as I ve started to watch these shows on the Chiller network, I never saw the originals , I realized how different and interesting it really was. Starring Darren Mcgavin as Kolchak a reporter for the International News Service, and Simon Oakland as his always angry boss, Tony Vincenzo, the show followed the exploits of a Chicago news .
I like documentaries that point out the flaws with real world things such as corporations, but man, this movie pushed it way too far. I was intrigued at the cases they presented and the examples such as the Monsanto dilemma , but this movie was unbelievably biased. I mean, this movie paints corporations as the devil himself and they don t realize one thing. If everyone turned against corporations all are not bad , then we have no economic system. They serve a purpose and without them, you wouldn t have the luxuries you have. I say luxuries because we don t need it, but want it. That s what they do. Not only that, they employ us for the most part .
Donald Duck had been mentionened as an idea since 1931 but this was his first actual appearance.I was introduced to the character mainly by the comicbooks and at a lesser extents by some great shorts as Commando Duck .Donald is obviously the most interesting character in this short.According to comics continuity he was 14 years old.Not bad for a teen ager.But this short introduces as to his voice actor Clarence Ducky Nash.Why should Donald s speaking be almost incomprehensible?I usualy hate hearing it.Since his name is Donald a slight Scottish accent would be more acceptable.A nice short but Clarence ruins it for me.I greately preferred Scrooge s voice in Ducktales.
In the past couple of years, there ve been some pretty breath taking games released. Resident Evil 4, Half Life 2 and FarCry are just some of the amazing titles to bless retailer s shelves in the 21st Century. These games, when released, were instant classics, and will remain classics until we actually start to be able to feel the sweet squish of virtual Goombas beneath our hyper technologically clad feet. And so, games developers have come up with a challenge. Games like RE4 and HL2 set the bar pretty high when it comes to what s outstanding and .
I really enjoyed this film because I have a tremendous interest in American History... the Antebellum years and the Civil War in particular. I purchased it recently from a rack of previously viewed videos on sale at the supermarket and I was very glad to add this one to my history video collection. Though not of the caliber of Civil War films such as Glory or Gettysburg, provides a lot of history on the pre Civil War brotherhood among cadets at West Point. Maybe it s the gray uniforms, the youth, or the military discipline, but I am fascinated .
First of all this movie is not a comedy unless you really force yourself you can hardly laugh. Secondly, the movie is slow and boring. The acting is not bad but not special. There is a Lucky Luke comic about two families one with big noses and one with big ears fighting each other in a small town... you will laugh much more if you read this instead of wasting your time with this movie. Religions and dogmas are not the best source to make a good comedy and this movie does nothing more than confirm this rule. There is a similar subject comedy The home teachers this had some good moments. My final comment is do not waste your time and money to watch this uninspired and boring film.
Good story, but the film is marred by pretentious child actor overload. Children really do not speak this way. ALL of the children in this film suffer from an overwritten script. The lead child actor, Joseph Cross, spends the entire film with the exception of one scene with a depressed scowl on his face. True, he is a sad little boy, but it becomes very annoying nonetheless. The film comes off very heavy handed and preachy at the end.
I have always hesitated when seeing the DVD at the video store, but finally watched it. The only thing I knew about it was that it was about robbery and a gay couple. I also knew that I was going to see the leads behinds , which I thought would at least give me something to be happy about in case I didn t like the movie. My fears were confirmed. Having seen the user rating 7.4 and read the reviews posted so far I ve concluded that most of grades reviews must be on behalf of the real .
I didn t think it was possible, but Evil Dead II surpasses the original in nearly every way. It s scary, it s gory and lastly, it s hilarious. It s pure, inspired comic mayhem and madness for 80 minutes straight! It s no secret director Sam Raimi loves to torment star Bruce Campbell, putting him through the most grueling experience an actor should ever go through. Essentially, it s a sequel remake of the first film, and Ash Campbell is once again battling the forces of the dead, which have been resurrected by the reading of passages from .
Poor Dinah Hunter Yvette Mimieux through no fault of her own, she ends up incarcerated while driving from Los Angeles to New York. Her first night, the guard on duty forces himself on her and she accidentally kills him in self defense. With the assistance of modern outlaw Coley Blake Tommy Lee Jones , she breaks out of jail and spends the rest of the picture on the lam. To be honest, for a B movie described as a chase picture , I was expecting more actual chases throughout, but it s a fine little film just the same. .
Reese Witherspoon first outing on the big screen was a memorable one. She appears like a fresh scrubbed face tween slight and stringy, but undeniably Reese. I have always liked her as an actor, and had no idea she started this young with her career, go figure. I actually gained some respect for Reese to know who she was so early on. I say that because whenever I have watched her perform, the characters thus far, in each portrayal she also seemed to have her own persona that lived with that character, quite nicely in fact. Anyway, my first film experience with Reese was the Little Red Riding Hood parody Reese did with Kiefer Sutherland, somehow I assumed that was her first time up at bat Not so, well done Reese
Synopsis Wilbur Jamie Sives wants to die, kind of. So every now and then he tries to commit suicide. You know Pills, wrist slitting, hanging that sort of thing. He has nothing that ties him to life, but a brother named Harbour. The brother Adrian Rawlins owns a book store, which was left to him by his father. He s a friendly, charming and responsible man, who s flirting with one of two regular costumers, a girl name Alice. Alice Shirley Henderson is a lonely woman, who works as cleaning personal in a hospital, in order to support her daughter Mary Lisa McKinlay .
The one reason I remember this is that it was shown the week after Nigel Kneale s brilliant QUATERMASS serial was broadcast . The trailers made heavy emphasis that the main character had a mutilated arm which had me hoping he d be like Victor Caroon from THE QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT stalking the streets of London . No such luck because THE RACING GAME is just a rather drab thriller with the gimmick of having a hero with a physical disability trying to get to the bottom of investigations of corrupt horse racing . I suppose if you re a fan of Dick Francis you might enjoy it but setting it in the context of the late 70s when THE SWEENEY had just finished and THE PROFESSIONALS was still being produced , there s something lacking about THE RACING GAME .
Dark Wolf Quick Review Let s get right to it This is a repugnant piece of rotting roadkill with cow sh t on it. It s just an awful movie. It s an urban werewolf movie with some of the worst acting imaginable and a story as weak as any gangly nerd from an 80 s high school drama film. What s worse is that poor Kane Hodder was duped into playing the gigantic evil werewolf. Kane f cking Hodder. Someone s trying to ensure that playing Jason Voorhees is the height of his film career... Anyway, former Playmate .
Disgruntled former scientist with NASA is brought back to the fold after a comet wrenched out of orbit by Jupiter s gravitational pull! collides with an asteroid in space, sending a chunk of rock five miles wide heading straight for Earth. Disaster flick from American International looks fairly convincing, if you re not too demanding. The heated exchanges between the scientists and the generals is wearing, but at least the sub plot regarding the stubborn Russians gives us tongue in cheek Brian Keith as an astrophysicist and Natalie Wood as his assistant and translator, both speaking perfect Russian! The .
Nobody likes a bad movie, but sometimes you come across one that is so extremely bad it actually becomes enjoyable. This is the case with Camp Slaughter. Director Martin Munthe s idea of paying homage to his favorite slasher films Friday the 13th is by making one that is even worse. The so called effects were outdated even twenty years ago, and the story is a joke. However, you may not notice this since you are so busy laughing at the actors. Not only do they read their lines in the worst form of Swenglish, there s also an embarrassing lack of devotion and experience. You just have to watch this.
Gung Ho was a good idea, however it is to much to ask Americans viewers to understand the dynamics of American jobs and foreign competition.In this movie the main character Hunt Stevenson Michael Keaton goes to Japan and convinces a Japanese auto company to come to America and help his dying Pennslyvania town. Two things come at you.First why would a Japanese company come to America to make cars when they do so ,and so well at that? Secondly can anyone understand that American companies of all types go to third world nations to have their products made to .
Andrew McCarthy played the role of an atheist very well. I liked the plot of the movie. It gave something to think about other than a comedy. It had a very twisted mind and a good cop versus God. A very well used plot line.
Though I liked DIAL M FOR MURDER, this is not one of Hitchcock s classics, so the idea of a remake doesn t turn me off. And for the first 2 3, things are fine, especially since director Davis and writer Kelly add a twist on the murder that s smart and surprising. Douglas has played this part before, but he does it well, and Mortenson is good as well. But then there s a dumb twist thrown in near the end, and both Paltrow and David Suchet as the detective who, as played by John Williams, was the best part of the original are left twisting in the wind.
Reasonably effective horror science fiction a la Alien is fairly well done given its limited ambitions. Some nice special effects and well paced action sequences adequately patch the cracks in the rather tiresome dialogue. When a space craft crash lands on a remote planet the survivors soon become aware that a hideous terror awaits them in the dark of the upcoming total eclipse.
Dr. Dolittle 2 continues the story of Dr. Dolittle Eddie Murphy , a doctor gone veterinarian who can talk to animals. The sequel begins with a raccoon gangster trying to recruit Dr. Dolittle into saving a forest that is going to be taken over by a lumber company. Dr. Doolittle takes the lumber company to court and an agreement is made if Dr. Dolittle can get the lone Western Pacific bear, Ava, to mate, the forest will be saved under the Endangered Species Act. Comedy and action ensues as Dolittle tries to introduce a circus bear, Archie, into the .
THE PLOT A trucker Kristofferson battles a corrupt sheriff Borgnine by getting his fellow truckers to band together and form an unstoppable convoy that stretches for miles and soon creates a national media frenzy. br br THE NEGATIVE The film s setup is weak and the ending even weaker. It has all the good ole boy trucker clich s without adding anything new in the process. It ends up making SMOKEY AND THE BANDIT look brilliant and inspired. Kristofferson is much too laid back for a leading man role and cannot carry the picture. Borgnine s character is portrayed .
warning if you choose to watch this movie,know that you will enter on a dark and twisted journey.David Fincher directs this film,which concerns a serial killer who executes people,using the seven deadly sins as justification.though there are some horrific and graphic images here,there real genius of this movie is it s implied horror.this movie will leave you with an impact long after the end credits have rolled.David Fincher directs this intense psychological suspense thriller.Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt play two detectives on the trail of the killer.Freeman plays veteran Detective Lt. William Somerset,on the verge of retirement,after this case.Pitt plays rookie detective Detective David Mills.Kevin Spacey also stars in a powerful performance that is mesmerizing.this is one of the best movies of this genre i have seen so far.if you are not affected by this movie,i d be surprised.for me,Se7en is easily a 10 10
What s the point of reviewing a movie like this? It s painfully and embarrassingly bad, not even in a way that allows you to make fun of it. Movies like Little Man depress me. They represent film at its most disposable. This movie was made for a bunch of 18 24 year old dipsh t frat boys who the studio was hoping would come out and see it on opening night before word leaked out about how bad it was, so that the film could quickly recoup its investment. A hundred other filmmakers with great ideas probably couldn t get their films made because resources were going toward making this puddle of vomit. Grade F
hi, This was my first experience of an Afghani Film, and even though my family is not too keen about the movies i watch, they all gathered and watched this, at various points expressing shock and emotion at what they saw. The narrative of the film seems hesitant, delicate, unsure in its motion, but yet it has a very natural appeal and is definitely rich in meaning, and beautifully layered. The DVD i saw also had a featurette with an interview with Siddiq Barmak, the director, editor and writer for the film. His gentle and sincere stories about the .
Footloose is one of the most definite 80 s musical drama movies. came out in 1984 one year after Flashdance and became his male answer. Kevin Bacon is responsible to all the Dirty dancing in the movie as the leading actor and in a rule that evident gave him his big breakthrough and chance to become the high respected actor that he is right now. Chris Penn R I P as The New Kid At School Bacon best friend and the one that understand him the most. Sara Jessica Parker from Sex And The City in a minor rule .
Little Britain is a hilarious British Comedy that stars Matt Lucas and David Walliams that play several characters each. This has made me laugh in many ways such as Marjorie Dawes Fat Fighters , Carol Computer Says No Beer, Judy and Maggie, Mr Mann, Bubbles De Vere etc. Most of it gives me a laugh although it gets repetitive and predictable after a while and it s not so funny. Always watch a couple of episodes at once because of that reason Ignoring that it is a typical British comedy that will lighten you up when you are feeling down. Great show and very funny. 4.5 5
In this film, there is a loose plot of a man Bardem who wishes to obtain financing for his construction business, and marries a woman he does not love the wide eyed Maria de Medieros in the process. He maintains his passionate relationship with his first and true love, and ultimately gets entangled in his own romantic web. He never gives up his juggling act, until the three main characters come face to face. The film results boring, with lots of free sex well, both girls are really good , all the reactions in the film are absurd, incoherent and of course, too much stupid. None of the characters are believable, which makes the movie a little annoying. Anyway, the acting is surprisingly good for such a bad directed film, which makes it a little interesting, but, if you can, watch another film please!
Sensitive film does lack brilliance and, to some degree, narrative structure, but is nevertheless superbly shot and performed. However, the narrative structure point is debatable. While it gives the impression of tying off loose ends nicely in the final scenes, and connects its thoughts with what might be described by the modern viewer as a story , I m sceptical as to whether this feel needs a narrative structure that is definite and detectable. Inevitably, it will be compared with SOMERSAULT in that its central protagonist I m not sure that s the correct word! is a young, and .
Myself and my groovadelic 20 something pals just can t get enough of this awesome Parker Posey CLASSIC! I tried renting this on DVD, but can t seem to find it too bad, as I m sure the features would be extra special !! We all highly recommend this uber cool comedy flickerino for a date, or even just a cozy night home alone! This would also be the purr fect type of movie to watch with your cat, or even throw a party based on, like a Party Girl party, just like the one in the movie that .
Mel Welles, you might remember him as Mr. Mushnick in Roger Corman s Little Shop of Horrors, directs this somewhat interesting yet wholly twisted tale of Dr. Frankenstein s daughter carrying on her father s work after his death and creating a creature not for its intellectual ability or its likelihood to be do good but rather for its sex appeal. You see, Tania Frankenstein, though a doctor and scientist in her own right, is concerned with really nothing more than satiating her primal desires for the stable boy and making some super sex slave by using his body .
I just want to comment on what a burst of comic genius came out of 2004. The Dean Leaner character shows Director writer creator? went on to have his own talk show called Man to Man with Dean Leaner , he plays Moss on the IT Crowd ,played Dixon Bainbridge in the Mighty Boosh Pilot instead plays now Saboo . All of these guys Julian Barratt as Padre who stars as Howard Moon in Mighty Boosh now. They all play on one another s projects now. I really hope to find out was it Darkplace which all gave them .
An enlightening view into a dance movement that was born out of pain and turmoil. I like how they tied in the influence of the Rodney King beating and the African dancing. I was pleasantly surprised by how much cultural roots still show up in Black American culture hundreds of years later. The rawness of the energy and the stories of everyone involved reminded me about Hip Hop, west coast style, in the days before Ice T and NWA made gangsta rap popular. I loved Ms. Prissy. Even though it seemed like her life was incompatible with the ballet, .
During the Clete Roberts preface, I was beginning to think this was an Ed Wood production, however, what rolls out here is some pretty hard hitting stuff. The story of crime and corruption in a Southern town is told using a cast culled from Hollywood s Poverty Row, and this makes the movie all the more realistic. There are no punches pulled here, and at times the film is reminiscent of The Well 1951 . The Black and White texture gives a newsreel like quality. For certain, younger viewers will be reminded of The Blair Witch Project but this one IS based on REAL events!
Every time I watch this show I just want to turn it off and curse the makers for wasting my time week after week. The dialogs, or monologues rather, as everybody just rants on endlessly about nothing, are just becoming so tedious. For example, the episode I watched yesterday began with a seemingly unending rambling about how a particular dish I forgot what it was, pasta with meatballs perhaps always manages to turn the Gilmore family dinner into all out war. And these were just the few seconds or so. br br So it seems every time, lots of .
Reanhauer Bill Roy is the leader of a desert dwelling cult who tries to resurrect one of his people, only to have a heart attack himself! He ends up dying on an operating table, and for the sake of revenge, his spirit takes over the body of the title character Jill Jacobson , who then proceeds to go about hacking and slashing until her fellow nurses learn what needs to be done to exorcise the demon. br br While I know enough about the directors filmography to know that it primarily consists of outright schlock, Nurse Sherri is really .
In a summer that also boasted such repugnant stinkers as Snakes on a Plane and The Da Vinci Code, that s a pretty bold statement. But I stand by it nonetheless. Superman Returns, like King Kong 6 months before it, is overlong, hyper indulgent and with CGI up to the eyeballs. My God, this stuff is doing my head in. Richard Donner had the idea of keep it real for his 2 outings. And I do find his approach to the special and optical effects to be the most appropriate. Brian Singer bombards us with so much CGI that .
The plot of this movie two ill children escaping the bubble they live in to take on an endeavour in the outside world is very thin and failed to sustain my interest. Perhaps, the symbolism didn t get to me. Many times, I asked myself where all this was heading. The poetic aura left me emotionally disconnected and questioning the purpose of my viewing. It is however, a very unusual and gutsy film for which the director should be praised. For those easily offended, please take note that the children, portraying the title characters are nude for nearly the entire movie.
This video contains an outsmart way to confuse and manipulate Americans about Islam. It s a pity that the people who did it really believe that American people is so dumb to believe in it, perhaps, as an American citizen, every person must protest against this kind of crap. If you want to know the truth about Islam, don t let nobody tell you... THE QURAN IS PUBLIC! you can read it by yourself and decide if what they say it s true or false... The video uses a lot of audiovisual strategies directed to manipulate and associate things .
Saw this film Last monday at NY Film Festival. It has 2 very appealing leads and a solid cast. Its a romantic comedy that tugs at the heart strings and serves up some hot swing music. Its a winning combination that is definitely a chick movie and will also pull in the crowd hungry for nostalgia. What more could you ask for?
This movie has some of the worst acting that I have ever seen! Some scenes are original such as the nails coming through the floor. This nail trap catches these bad guys. The rest of the movie degrades as you go. I can t believe that this movie is not even in the bottom 100 movies of all time. I also can t believe that there are sequels! The next crap movie that I want to watch is R.O.T.O.R. Could R.O.T.O.R really be much worse than this?
This is one of those movies that 5 years from now you will see on WTBS in the middle of a rainy Saturday afternoon and you will think, hum, I don t remember that one . Leelee was good. Not many strong female parts out in the movie world for young women. She made the most of a predictable script and a bad back from the presumed dead villain scene. Her little brother, Rhett, was played by the same kid that played Scott Anspaugh for 5 episodes of ER. They basically had the only two good parts in the movie. It is a good diversion from the worlds events and served its purpose to kill 2 hours during tropical storm Gabrielle. Leelee will likely win awards in the next 5 years but not for this one.
Best fan boy movie I ve ever watched save Free Enterprise. br br In some ways it reminded me of an early Kevin Smith film. br br If you do any kind of role playing, this movie will likely have you laughing often at its insatiable fun. Don t expect a big budget here, the acting is also questionable at times, but it really adds to the fun of the atmosphere they create. The script is truly humorous with a lot of witty moments worth experiencing. br br The bard that always gets killed had me rolling. The sexually .
Comments contain spoilers I was barely holding on to this show as appointment TV when they started the annoying music under EVERY SCENE, when Don Epps was averaging almost a shooting per case, when the very nasally Diane Farr was obviously pregnant but we weren t to notice and when Colby was a f g TRIPLE agent. But now, in tonight s episode,David is trapped with a paranoid, nut job who is an OBVIOUS amateur with a gun, in an elevator and....HE CAN T DISARM HIM. A trained, experienced field agent who has been 1st through the door many .
I had never heard of this film and only got it because I am a Martin Sheen fan. Now I am stunned as to why it did not receive the praise and recognition that it truly deserves. The four characters all make you feel for them, the father trying to assert his authority, the mother still clinging to traditional family values and both trying to keep up appearances despite the total fragmentation of their family, the daughter wanting her own life and the son haunted by his experiences in Vietnam. One felt that this was a scenario that must .
Some kind of mysterious liquid is making animals grow to humongous size. They soon starting attacking humans. Eventually, rats become the dominant species. FOOD OF GODS is bad even by director Bert I. Gordon standards. The visual effects are unrelentingly awful but they take a backseat to the woeful acting of the undistinguished cast. You know you re in for it when the hero is played by none other than Marjoe Gortner, an actor who is creepy even when he s playing it straight. What s more depressing, the fact that this garbage was even made or the fact that screen legend Ida Lupino was reduced to appearing in stuff like this near the end of her career? Based on the novel by H.G. Wells, who must have rolled over in his grave. Like you, he too would surely be rooting for the animals in this mess.
LOVE ME OR LEAVE ME is not your typical musical. That is, no one breaks out in song and dance. The numbers are used in the context of the story either in rehearsal or performance. This is a musical drama. Don t know how accurate the story is of Ruth Ettings rise to fame with the help of her manager gangster husband, but for it s day, made in the 50 s, it s quite blunt. Doris Day and James Cagney have seldom been better, and they make a terrific combo. Also appealing is the underrated Cameron Mitchell, so .
Journey to the Far Side of the Sun is about the discovery of a planet on the other side of the sun which shares the same orbit as earth and therefore has been undiscovered until a space probe on the far side of the sun photographs it. Of course two astronauts Roy Thinnes Ian Hendry are sent to explore it but due to a malfunction they crash find themselves back on earth only 3 weeks into their six week journey. Of course they re berated at least Thinnes is, Hendry is gravely injured and grilled and asked why they turned back on their mission but it s claimed that they didn t. Until Thinnes seems to notice a few very odd things about being back home .
The Cannonball Run is a wild and crazy ride of a comedy about an illegal cross country auto race. This movie was the third time star Burt Reynolds teamed up with director Hal Needham. Before Cannonball Run they made the first two Smokey and the Bandit pictures, and afterwards they made Stroker Ace and Cannonball Run II . The Cannonball Run and the original Smokey and the Bandit are my favorites. Made back when Reynolds was hitting box office gold, The Cannonball Run auto race begins in Connecticut and features the goofy all star cast passing each other up .
Once upon a time Quentin Tarantino was a relatively successful filmmaker. br br Now, unfortunately, he not only makes terrible films, but puts his names to ones like this. br br A supposedly cool retro flashback to biker movies of the 60s and 70s, this plumbs new depths. br br Believe you me, I enjoy it when a blouse falls off in a film more than the next man but even I felt kind of sleazy watching this. To use a word I never thought I would, its msysoginistic you see, I can t even spell it. The plot in the vaguest sense of the term is as incomprehensible as Vinnie Jones accent, the fact his terrible acting does not stand our particularly is as damning a testament as one can think of. br br This is just terrible. Shocking. It almost made me cry. In horror.
The version I just saw was almost unwatchable. It came as part of a pack of 50 sci fi movies. I suspected, but did not know, it had been a serial until reading the reviews here. Pacing was terrible, jumps were made that made no sense, and the overall quality of acting and sets was deplorable. Also, the copy of the print I saw was in terrible shape. But considering it s vintage, better may not be possible. The high point for me was Luana Walters. Wow, was she beautiful! It s a shame she didn t play the bad part up more instead of having a conscious. Oh well. Bela Lugosi was such an enjoyable All in all, an almost passable and interesting time waster on a Sunday night.
Suddenly takes it s name from the small western town where the action takes place. It s a taut drama about an assassination attempt on the President of the United States. This movie s plot does hold your interest, partly because there is an organized, well financed conspiracy involved in the attempt, compared to the lone nut from history. Reportedly this movie was viewed by Lee Harvey Oswald shortly before he assassinated President Kennedy. For this reason, Frank Sinatra withdrew this movie from circulation.
this has got to be the worst film i have ever seen! some say its a horror, I ve seen more scarier things in my bin, than in this film. there was no suspense, no horror no plot! i had no sympathy for any of the characters,it was bad acting, directing, and writing! so the idea that this could really happen, was plausible, apart from that, there s nothing. the reviews in the UK said the twist is so good you don t see it coming the fact that they point out there is a twist means that there is no twist, you see it coming a mile away! thats not a twist! please please please save your money, rent it if you want but do not go and pay to see this movie, you will regret it! 2.5 hours of my life i will never get back!
At last I ve finally got round to it and managed to see a clean copy of Pakeezah! Up until now I ve only had a mangled scratchy jerky version taped off Dubai TV sometime in the 90 s, with quirky English subtitles, dizzying widescreen coverage and a fluid colour with a mind of its own. Having thought the world of such a poor and short copy I find the decent one was well worth the wait and the full 140 minutes even more of a pleasure than I thought possible. This was the lovely Meena Kumari s film .
Erich Rohmer s L Anglaise et le duc makes a perfect companion piece to Peter Watkins La Commune Paris 1871 . Both films screened at this year s Toronto International Film Festival ironically illustrate how history is shaped to by the tellers of the tale. Ironic, given the tragic events that were taking place in the U.S. during the festival. Set in Paris during the French Revolution, the movie, based on Grace Elliott s Lucy Russell Memoirs, is a first hand account of how she survived those heady but dangerous days. She also details her relationship with The Duke .
Wow it s ironic since this movie has been out for awhile I think that someone else JUST reviewed it a couple days ago. Anyways, I watched this movie simply because it has Nick Stahl, for the record. The movie was ridiculous. The characters drove me INSANE, they were SO Clich and STEREOTYPED. This movie had some of the worst dialogue I have ever heard. It had way too many plot twists too. There is ONE scene in the movie worth seeing however, the scene Warm heart, cold gun where Nick Stahl kills the obnoxious girl in the shower. Well, actually they were all obnoxious. But his acting in that scene was excellent. The look on his face, it reminded my of American Psycho a good movie .
I had planned to write something explaining what I didn t like about this movie, but this is going to be more difficult than I thought. Honestly, I can t remember much about it. I watched it just three days ago and it s made almost no impression on me. That s usually the sign of a real stinker. About the only thing I remember was being incredibly bored by most of it. The novelty of having a Humphrey Bogart look a like as the detective wore off real quick. It would be different if he could act, but .
This documentary begins with an interesting premise it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of Jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth. Sadly, though, after priming us with this, the movie completely shifts gears and becomes little more than a non stop attack on Christianity, and pretty much focusing on the easy targets. The writer director clearly has some issues with the Church he is a former evangelical Christian and has some legit anger and this film seems to be his form of release. It d be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded, but as a whole, the movie is disappointing.
Ticks is another entry in what seems to be an ongoing competition between B grade film makers to produce movies featuring the most harmless and innocuous of creatures turned into monsters frequently made gigantic or at least larger than they normally are. Killer Ticks aren t the most ridiculous menace ever created in one of these movies as anyone has seen Night of the Lepus killer bunny rabbits or various 50 s B movies will attest but they certainly aren t convincingly threatening enough to be the monster in any movie. That is the main problems with Ticks, which .
I watched this on Halloween night that year with the whole town and it scared the heck out of everyone at the theater. Good enough for me to look it up after all these years. Just something way creepy about the green light scene I can t forget. Im sure some of it is my youth perspective in 1979 but I think its in the class of something like Legend of Boggy Creek which is a classic because it brought something new though campy as all heck. Screams is dated by now Im sure but still good fun compared to a LOT of other bigger budget movies. Be nice to see it posted somewhere like on you tube as Im sure its a rarity! I gave it a seven meaning you ought to check it out for yourself.
Writer director Emilio Estevez shows a definite lack of talent here with this un redeemable, supposed comedy. The script is completely hopeless, let alone the fact that it is unoriginal and badly worked. The comedy just does not work. When Estevez isn t using poor taste sex jokes, he is borrowing used gags and re doing them very poorly. You would think the teaming of Estevez and brother Charlie Sheen would be cool...but...it isn t. br br The entire cast is uninspired and unfunny, never managing to raise a laugh, and barely coaxing a smile from their audience. Do yourself a favour and leave this one on the video shelf. br br Thursday, June 25, 1992 Video
The Gang of Roses. Every rose has its thorns. A mix of old western and hip hop, blended perfectly together. The clothing styles, the scenery, and the plot are all suited to what the director wanted. Plot in five years, they robbed twenty seven banks and then vanished without a trace. Now, a small western town is under siege, and one of the first victims is Rachel s sister. The Rose Gang is ready to ride again. And this time it s personal. Rachel Michael Calhoun , Chastity Lil Kim , Maria Lisaraye , Zang Li Marie Matiko and .
Although this gets some heat for being sort of bland at times, it is still great to see Lar Kar Leung show us even as he ages he can still move around like he did 20 years ago. Although the comedy will sometimes fall flat on its face, the action alone makes the film worth seeing. Wu Jing should be getting more roles after last years Sha Po Lang, and his skills do not disappoint here either. It s great to see Kuan Chun Chi as the villain. I remember him from Eagles Claw Tai Seng released this and is also a fun kung fu film , and even thirty years later the man is still ripped! It isn t 8 Diagram Pole Fighter, but Drunken Monkey is an entertaining film, but not up to the standards of Lau Kar s earlier Shaw Bros works.
People call this a comedy, but when I just watched it, I laughed only once. I guess the problem is that I first saw it when I was 14, and I wasn t old enough to understand that it wasn t meant to be taken seriously. There were quite a few scenes that were meant to be funny, but I cared too much about the characters to laugh at them. I suggest that you watch this film next time you re falling in love, and try to take it seriously. I think you ll find that, despite a few silly flaws, it s one of the most moving love stories you ve ever seen.
The Curse is a total,almost unwatchable garbage,I can t believe the positive reviews people give it here.The acting is bad,the special effects are lame,and the script is obnoxious and stupid.More boring than scary The Curse is one of the lamest horror movies I have seen.Why such great director like Lucio Fulci produced this one is beyond me.Watch it to make fun of it.Not recommended.
This film tries hard but fails. Perhaps to non Australian audiences it may have appeal as a travelogue, but to the native it is merely tedious. br br Anyone who lives here knows Broken Hill is a rough, tough isolated mining town. If a couple of citified fruits turn up in drag, well it s all so predictable. Where have I come across that well worn theme before? Oh yes Town Mouse and Country Mouse. Spare us. br br I kept hoping it would improve but after the Broken Hill scene I could see where this was heading and so turned off the TV and went to bed.
WOW! What a horrible, hideous waste of time this celluloid atrocity turned out to be. I remember seeing it years ago and thinking it was fun but now...it s just plain silly. Not to mention the fact that it is a blatant rip off of The Exorcist to the point where it was re released at one point under the title The Sex orcist . The only real difference is that the producers have the gall to further discredit themselves by slapping on the claim that the events in the film are REAL! Who in their right mind would .
Music and lyrics written and performed by Charlie Daniels ... nuff said. Just don t be expecting anything along the lines of Devil Went Down To Georgia , ol Charles sorta talk sings through one song early in about the Whiskey Mountain duh and that s it for lyrics. Hey though, fans of arty rape scenes will get a kick out of the Polaroid montage my second hand copy is classified as a FAMILY film and who doesn t love interminable scenes of rednecks gawking at purty wimmen? The box art made the movie look a hell of a lot weirder than it was, with the promise that you can lose your life or your mind! , but mostly it s two couples trekking through the sticks and acting natural. Love that hermit.
This is one of the worst Japanese big budget films I ve run across. The plot has something to do with a project concerning Jupiter going horribly wrong and... you really don t want to know. Trust me as bad as you think some of the Godzilla movies and films like The Green Slime are, this is worse, but not in a good way. This is just stupid, the hippies being the last straw on a short list of reasons to watch, none of which are good. I have no idea why anyone would like this on anything but .
this is an adaptation of a Dirk Wittenborn book, which I did not read. young Finn Earl lives with his Mom Liz Diane Lane in a cramped lower East Side New York Apartment. he dreams of joining his Anthropologist father studying a fierce tribe in South America. Liz has boyfriends and does coke. when he is caught scoring coke for her, one of her customers Liz is a legitimate masseuse a rich Mr. Osborne bails her out in return for being his full time personal masseuse in his huge estate in New Jersey. They are driven there in a .
I ve avoided seeing this film for some time but finally picked up a copy. Having been born too late to see Hair in its contemporary setting, I have just been familiar with the UK and Broadway cast recordings for many years and saw it on stage in the late 1980s where it looked a little creaky but still, great fun. br br The film. It drops some of the songs The Bed, My Conviction, Frank Mills and cuts others Walking in Space . However, what is left is presented very well indeed. All the singers and dancers are .
SPOILERS br br I don t care what anyone says, this movie is friggin hilarious. This is the sequel to Jack Frost, a movie about a killer snowman. The snowman is created when a convicted serial killer about to be executed is taken to the execution chamber, but the truck crashes with a truck carrying DNA manipulation chemicals that make human DNA bond with dirt, or in this case, snow. The first movie was just boring, and eventually the snowman is destroyed by pouring antifreeze on him. br br Or so they thought. br br This movie takes place .
One Down, Two to Go may rank a few notches beneath other celluloid team ups with these stars, but it definitlely has it s share of fun moments. Jim Kelly s character is wounded for most of the movie, but it s always a pleasure to watch big bad Jim SLAUGHTER Brown team up with Fred The HAMMER Williamson! Especially when Richard SHAFT Roundtree is in the mix! One Down is no Three the Hard Way, but there s just nothing like the spectacle of the Hammer uttering the immortal line Back off Mojo! You may know Kung Fu but I know Gun Fu! ! LOL! One Down, Two to Go is a cheesy blast of fun that goes best with favorite beverages, good popcorn, and a room full of rowdy B movie lovers.
This movie is good, but disappointingly is nowhere near as good as the first airbud. The storyline is predictable and cheesey and you don t even see much of Josh Framm s legs! The hot teenage Kevin Zegers is the best thing in this movie. Michael aged 17
Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, Hollywood s premiere dance team, were usually dressed to the nines and gliding through elaborately exaggerated Art Deco sets in the 1930 s. However, they go a bit more downscale for this 1936 outing, the fifth of their ten musicals together. This time, Astaire foregoes his top hat, white tie and tails to become a bubblegum chewing sailor named Bake Baker and Rogers plays dance hall entertainer Sherry Martin, who was Bake s partner dancing and otherwise before he enlisted. Consequently, unlike the mistaken identity ploys and romantic hesitancies prevalent in most of their .
I have seen this movie in about 1988 or 1989. Typical 1980 s bullshit. Apparently one tried to get some success out of a plot very similar to The Delta Force , another patriotic piece of propaganda. Don t get me wrong, I don t like Arab terrorists at all, but the typical black and white portraiture of demonic Arabs and oh so heroic Americans is too silly. Well, the typical audience in the Reagan area probably liked it. Unfortunately those 1980 s The American Heroes go in and smash those Arab bastards flicks got some timeliness in recent years and might even find some new audience that wows on it.
Being a fan of JAG and its topical stories, I knew that this show couldn t be that bad, but due to my work schedule wasn t able to watch it when the first season debuted. I finally got around to catching this show in early 04 and have been watching it ever since. I thought that CSI and its many versions was great but NCIS is The Best! The chemistry between all characters is sooo real. CSI doesn t have that feel to me. Wonder what the next season will hold now that Kate is gone. Are we to see a more obsessed Gibbs, like he was before they found out who Ari was?! I hope so! And I hope they finally track down and kill that bastard Ari
I sat through almost one episode of this series and just couldn t take anymore. It felt as though I d watched dozens of episodes already, and then it hit me.....There s nothing new here! I ve heard that joke on Seinfeld, I saw someone fall like that on friends, an episode of Happy Days had almost the same storyline, ect. None of the actors are interesting here either! Some were good on other shows not here , and others are new to a profession they should have never entered. Avoid this stinker!
If there s ever an award for Most Boring Film Noir Ever Made, this little stinker would be in strong contention. It is a miserable, plodding police procedural with essentially nothing to recommend it. About the best you can say is that the last 15 minutes are marginally less dull than the rest. Edward G. Robinson is squandered. Set in Montreal, the film has all the French Canadian flavor of Frank Sinatra singing O Canada. IMDb thinks the above review is too short. Boy, they sure wouldn t think so if they d had to sit through this turkey. I have already given it far more words than it deserves.
Wow, this movie was absolutely brilliant. I really don t know why everyone says it has a slow pace. I thought the pace was perfect. The movie is about Michael Sullivan played by Tom Hanks with perfection who is a sort of hit man killer working for John Rooney Paul Newman . He disslikes this job but does it because Rooney payed for his house and helps him financially. He had nothing and Mr. Rooney gave him everything. But, his children are unaware that this is his job, and when one witnesses a cold blooded murder by him, he .
First off, I ve read the comments by the director further down and I d like to thank him for offering his opinion. I ve always wondered what the makers of the films lambasted on MST3K felt about their works being shredded not to mention how Best Brains acquired the rights . Rissi s comments make me curious, however, as to how much Sci Fi could have cut the film to make it seem different now I m thinking I might rent it from NetFlix . Of course, I ve never seen the uncut, non MST3K version of this .
Bad Movie saw it at the TIFF and the movie gives me a sense of been there done that it reminds me alot of the movie Blow expect the Blow was actually interesting. This one story told two ways and both times it is not told that well.
An successful novelist Whitley Strieber Oscar Winner Christopher Walken , who finds himself being visited by strange creatures from another world in his cabin at the woods from the state of New York. Is this unexplained phenomenon on his mind ? or the strange visitors are for real ? Directed by Phillipe Mora The Howling Part 2 and Part 3, The Beast Within, Mad Dog Morgan made an effective psychological drama that is occasionally eerie, suspenseful and even darkly humorous. Walken is excellent in the role of the true life writer. Which Striber claims that the story is true! .
Chris, an adopted son of a moral family, a loser whom works at the school newspaper with Kate Christine Lakin from of the awful sugary Step by Step show of the now thankfully defunct ABC s TGIF line up , finds out that he s just inherited a porn empire from his biological parents. He loses sight of what true friendship and love is and blah blah some other nonsense. He also has to contend with an Uncle who wants control of the family business and a shifty lawyer arn t they are? A slightly below average teen comedy .
The book was excellent, but the movie has distorted the theme greatly. The book is more about Peekay over coming his trials. Not a political agenda for apartheid. through out the book you can feel the injustice, but again that is not the theme. Somebody has an ax to grind and they have destroyed a great book in the process. There were many issues of human suffering and heartache, from many different sources. They came from religious fanaticism, male dominance, government interventions and and multiracial and multicultural issue from the empire building enterprises of many nations of that time period. There were many very important parts of the book eliminated from the movie altogether that make the story much more engaging and important to the character development of Peekay and his supporters. Do yourself a favor and read the book and appreciate what a great story it really is.
Upon watching the closing credits at the end of this movie, I was awestruck. All I could say was, WOW. As a fellow member of the so cliche d Generation X, I completely identified with this movie. However, one need not be a member of any specific generation to appreciate it. Beautifully written, amazingly well directed, esp. for an independent film, this movie not only touches on familiar conflicts in life such as trying to make life not suck , it also has a somewhat sarcastic flair that would make anyone smile. Karl T. Hirsch has an amazing mind and a great eye heart for what makes a film easily a favorite. I give it a 10.
I think I can safely say without really giving anything away , that this movie had no robots in it. The guys in robot costumes didn t act or speak as such, and the evil entity behind the whole plot isn t a robot either. br br The whole thing looks like it was shot in a city park somewhere, with photos dropped in the background when the director needed a custom set. I can t even use words to describe the acting... br br This couldn t even offer the hilarious ending of Star Crystal . In short, it is clearly one of the worst sci fi movies of the 80 s and I would be so bold as to say of all time .
The idea s which are shown in this film are with a lot of care and detail and depict what a lot of people from around the world think of the American Policies, not neccessarily the United States itself. It shows what most of the people around the world think about America and what the Americans dont know about themselves. 11 directors showing 11 amazing minutes each of something which will give US viewers a lot to think about when they go home after watching the movie.
I may differ from many people on this board but I enjoy watching Mind Of Mencia. The reason I like Mind Of Mencia is the host is not afraid to speak his mind or exploit stereotypes. Carlos Mencia does what we all do with our friends but are unwilling to admit and then some. br br Mencia has no problem doing jokes about any race, religion, sex, or orientation. While he gets a lot of flack for this it is a breath of fresh air in these politically correct times. Mencia does not care if he offends anyone but .
This is a very well made war movie, though I ve got to admit that this is a genre that usually doesn t do that much for me. What sets this movie apart is its strong desire for realism instead of a Hollywood version of war, this WAS war as it really appeared. Fanatics who love realism will really be pleased about this. Plus, it focuses on the Korean War, a period in our history that is generally ignored in movies. Gregory Peck does a fine job in the lead, though I thought he looked a little old to .
Okay, i was at my local video store to rent some movies when I came across a tape. I looked at the cover and it showed a scary ugly man and the title said The Horrible Dr. Bones . The cover looked good and I read the back and it sounded like and interesting film. So I rent it for two dollars. I watched from beginning to end and I was very disappointed! It was like the worst film I ever seen in my entire life! I wasted several minutes of my life! The effects are just plain terrible .
I m not at all picky about horror movies, and I m willing to watch pretty much any of them. That doesn t mean that I m willing to re watch many of them, or that I won t have criticism for them. This movie is creepy, and is very well done. In fact, I think this movie would make an excellent double bill with Session 9. I should specify, before I get to my comments, that I watched this alone. I started watching it before going to bed, and got about 15 minutes in before I realized that .
Dil Chahta Hai is truly a ground breaking film in the history of Indian cinema! The camera work, editing, music, sound effects, etc being amazing as they are the costumes, the dialogues, the characters are what make this film so awesome! This film has changed the look of Indian cinema.
Along a couple of days in Berlin of the 30s, the lives of some guests are connected in the fancy Grand Hotel. Grusinskaya Greta Garbo is a dancer in crisis who falls in love for Baron Felix Von Geigern John Barrymore, the grandfather of the sweet Drew Barrymore . The Baron is a bankrupted noble, a very gentle and refined person, but indeed a thief of hotel rooms. Preysing Wallace Beery is a tough businessman, dealing in Berlin an important contract. Flaemmchen Joan Crawford is officially an stenographer and also an expensive working girl , making programs with her .
EDIT I urgently have GOT to add severe corrections to the following text, but reading thru it, you ll see I do by myself uncover the lies of this movie, when I write that Mitnick just accessed some data I read thru the other comments. Many people realize that this movie is a clear exploitation of our completely innocent hero Mitnick by authors who wrote a book without knowing him or his story at all, or if they did, they simply lie to us all. This movie is propaganda that doesn t admit that it is such, but then, propaganda always cloaks itself. Only at the end of the movie some thoughts about regret . Not enough by far. I can only join most good folks round here in saying to you Distrust this movie, watch it, but then watch the truth, namely Freedom Downtime .
There are some films that move you. There are some films that make you laugh. There are some films that make you cry. And then there are some films, that mislead you with the tagline, cover of the film and in some cases the preview. This is one such film. After waiting eleven years to finally see this movie, I wondered why I had anticipated it so much. What a let down this film was. I was expecting some cute, romantic comedy with Julia Roberts and Denis Quaid, who would argue, and make up every other scene, and share .
Getting ahead in your career or moving on with your life doesn t necessarily mean moving up. That promotion or golden opportunity that comes along may not in reality turn out to be all that it would seem, initially, especially if it involves an unprecedented upheaval in your life, like a transfer to another city. It s a situation that becomes grist for Neil Simon s humor mill in the comedy of errors The Out of Towners, directed by Arthur Hiller. Jack Lemmon stars as George Kellerman, a Midwesterner who finally gets that big chance when his company offers .
The best thing from the American Pie bakery. I found the humor and the plot to be far more engaging audience than any of the American Pie movies to date. .Also concerning the appropriateness of the content I found this to be acceptable to a much larger audience than any of the previous American Pie movies. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie experience. When the movie first came out I read a number of negative reviews and ended up not going to see it while it was still in the theater...I now regret that decision. The movie far exceeded my expectations in terms of plot, dialog scripting, and overall quality. I give it two thumbs way up!
This movie was ingenious. A little camp, a little music and so much comedy. The actors really must have had fun working on this one. Clinton Leupp s character Coco was the best part of the film. Do I hear sequel? How about a television show. What fun!!!
I had never seen this movie before it aired on a local cable sci fi network. It reminded me of the Irwin Allen TV series of the late 60 s Time Tunnel etc . Excellent effects they beat Star Trek 5 done 20 years later, but then that wasn t very hard to accomplish . br br I found the script very intriguing and mature for this type of production. They would have needed a few touch ups to tie some loose ends on the characters level, but for a kid movie its surprisingly interesting especially the the glimpse at futuristic euro politics, surprisingly similar to today s European Union! br br The plot is indeed reminiscent of Twilight Zone in general as other users have pointed , but in this case it s a compliment. br br Great sets, by the way! br br 7 10
This movie is pretty good. Half a year ago, i bought it on DVD. But first i thought that it was the original film. I have seen the series and it is a good film, but here, they have put The Living Legend,part1 and 2 ,and Fire in space together. The same as they did with the first film, but with other episodes. But still, it is a pretty good film. Only the ending is strange you don t see what happens with the Pegasus . But I still think that it is pretty good. The actors and special effects were good. If you haven t seen it, go see it. Starring Richard Hatch, Dirk Benedict, Lorne Greene, Herb. Jefferson Jr., Tony Swartz, Terry Carter, Lloyd Bridges, Jack Stauffer.
Donald Duck is out by himself, skating on his pond having a good time when his three little kids come racing out onto the surface, ready to play hockey. Donald is arrogant and tells the kids they know nothing about the game, they he will have to show them. He takes them on one and against three, and kills them. He hams it up so bad it s embarrassing the ultimate showoff. He rubs it in afterward, too. The kids are not happy. Donald then offers to play the kids again, this time blindfolded. That turns out to be a mistake as they beat him around like a hockey puck. This animated short is really for little kids, and no one else. The humor might make them laugh a lot but I doubt older kids and adults wound find much funny. I know I didn t.
The Man With a Golden Arm was one of a trio of great films around that same time that dealt with drug addiction. The other two were Monkey On My Back and A Hatful of Rain. But I think of the three this one is the best. br br Maybe if Otto Preminger had shot the thing in the real Chicago instead of those obvious studio sets the film might have been better yet. Who knows, maybe Preminger couldn t get enough money to pay for the location. It s the only flaw I find in the film. br .
I had never heard of this film, and so last night I had an unexpected pleasure in watching a clever movie. What a marvellous satire on communism. There were some very funny scenes, especially the dancing trio. Judy Davis was wonderful as the pro communist mother what a performance! This movie is a dark Australian comedy and worth seeing.
I turned on the TV expecting to see a silly little MTV comedy, kind of like an extended SNL sketch...I didn t plan on watching the whole thing, and I didn t expect it to be more than mildly entertaining. I was shocked to find that the producers had actually made a really taut, interesting, claustrophobic thriller...much more interesting than most of what you see in the theatres. The initial 20 minutes introduce us to the seven members of the Vancouver cast ...It s a dead on imitation of the real show. Very believable, could have been funnier. After .
This movie is not what you think it would be. It was four in the morning and i was watching a marathon on the Sci Fi channel and this movie popped up, and i had to watch it. At the beginning I thought this isn t to bad, but we do we get to see the car. Then the middle, got there and it was not what I expected. Though the movie isn t really a Knight Rider movie, but the action and somewhat of a story line make it a movie that if there is nothing else better .
I ve always wanted to fire a 10 000 tonne cannon at this deplorable film and now I get my chance. Heh heh. Sequels suck a word I don t like using, but necessary here . Usually. TROJ a perfect example. Maybe the kids will like it. But I was no older than 14, maybe 15, by the time I saw this and it almost made me sick. What Disney have in effect done is to ruin all the good work done by Aladdin. What was good about the first one? A lot of things, such as 1 THE .
This is hardly a movie at all, but rather a real vaudeville show, filmed for the most part in proscenium , and starring some of the greatest stage stars of the day. Singing in the Bathtub is an absolutely amazing production number that must be seen be sure to wear your shower cap!
As I read reviews of this movie I just can t keep feeling like most of you just don t get it. I m reading comments here on IMDb like white boys trying to act like they are black c mon that is terrible or can someone say Wigger... . You are missing the point. This movie is simply one big satire of young white teenagers who grow up in decent or rich environment or Iowa idolizing the ghetto life that they see on MTV and trying to mimic it. As a product of a large city public school .
The Man from Snowy River II doesn t reinvent the wheel but is a crowd pleasing beautiful film that hits some great notes. For those fans wanting the elements that made the original Man From Snowy River film a hit, breathtaking scenery, sweeping score, sweet romanticism and cracking action this film really delivers. This story picks up a few years from the end of the first, Jim Tom Burlinson has been away gathering his fortune in a brood of stock horses. He returns to pick up where he left off with his pluckish well bred sweetheart Jessica played by Aussie divine lady Sigrid Thornton who is still attempting to break out of her corseted upbringing on her feather s cattle station Harrison is now played by American Brian Dennehy .
i really enjoyed the movie and i cant see why so many people didn t. i found the direction amazing,and that combined with a great photography gave people really creepy scenes. i went to see it expecting to be scared,and i left with the amount of fear needed in these films . Though i must admit there were some scenes i could do without i didn t enjoy reno as much as i expected,but i do believe he made a good performance. the girl anne and the young cop really caught my attention,i was thrilled to see them perform,especially .
No...seriously...this is just plain boring. I have a fondness for watching Vinnie Jones in just about anything which seems to be both a blessing and a curse. He was great in Snatch, hilarious in Eurotrip, and awesome in Midnight Meat Train despite having only one line in the whole movie...that s how cool he is . He may just be one of the most distinctly British actors in the history of cinema...when the dude s on screen you can t help but think holy crap, that guy is British . But the blandness of Legend of The Bog is .
Opulent sets and sumptuous costumes well photographed by Theodor Sparkuhl, and a good not great performance by Jannings as Henry cannot overcome poor writing and static camera work. Henny Porten chews the scenery as Anne. br br It s all very beautiful but it s all surface and no depth. The melodramatic tale of a woman wronged made it a hit in America where the expressionistic The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari flopped in the same year 1920 , proving that what is popular is not what endures. Lubitsch would be remembered for his lively comedies, not sterile spectacles like this.
This is Not a Love Song. My one word summary of this film would be Excellent . It probably won t appeal to the mass movie watching public it s a film that forces you to participate. You observe, think, and question. Comparisons could be made with Deliverance Topic Theme and perhaps with The Blair Witch Project for overall filming style. However this film stands unique against both. The cinematography effects solarisation, freeze frame, blur etc have been seen before but they are used most effectively in this film to underpin the natural tension of the story. Acting is raw, menacing and utterly believable. The real theme of the film is about friendship the title really gives the game away. It s probably not the kind of friendship that most of us have experienced or indeed would want to. It is a love song.
I bought this movie at a garage sale when I was like 15. I hated it then, and watching it again, just for the hell of it, it s even worse now. You can hear the director and cameraman in the background yelling commands like Zoom, zoom, zoom!!! . The are no special effects, just a raw piece of meat that is supposed to be a brain. This is utter crap, and i originally thought it was a one of a kind home movie or something that I bought. But this was distributed elsewhere and it s just really .
As this movie unfolds you start to feel the conundrum of human existence. If you carry with you questions, inner wars, unsolved puzzles about the meaning of life then you will feel this movie with every morsel of your body. Charles Darwin begins a war with an utterly predictable ending. War with God. His theories resemble the fact that God has nothing to do with mankind, has nothing to do with the amazing World that we live in. Savage, harsh, ironic and chaotic, this words surround the mind of the character thrown into an universe of material truth, who slowly pushes hope for God, out from his mind. Nevertheless, the movie as Charles Darwin, still sees wonder and beauty beyond God in the universe of infinite Evolution.
This film is just one tick above being a laughable propaganda film like Reefer Madness or Cocaine Fiends, only the agenda is the almighty handgun. The screenwriter tossed in one speech by the assassin about how a gun makes him feel like god so he can feel balanced I assume. But the film is basically a 75 minute speech about how we need guns. It begins with a poor little boy who cant have a toy gun because his mother wont let him and the sheriff who s dying to do the single mom buys it for him anyway .
I am a serious film lover who keeps up with the best new films. I stumbled across To End All Wars when it was shown recently on one of the Starz Encore channels. At the end, I kept asking myself why I had never heard of it. The film is nowhere to be found in Roger Ebert s reviews or Leonard Maltin s annual guide, and yet I suspect that Ebert, at least, would rate this film very highly. I like films that are about something that is important, at least to me, and not just pure entertainment. Not .
In this uninspired, made for television, buddy picture, James Whitmore, Jr., and Tom Selleck portray two U.S. Army Air Force officers ordered to destroy a winery in France that conceals a laboratory for the development of a lethal toxin that could wipe out half of the world in six months. Well known writers Stephen J. Cannell of The A Team and Philip DeGuere of Simon Simon have contrived a formulaic, half baked World War II secret mission behind enemy lines that is neither convincing nor exciting. The gimmick that the heroes rely on to deliver the explosives is the .
Most people 36 gave this movie a 10 and those who don t are being too critical or maybe expected something else. This is one of my favorite movies from the 80 s, it grows on you, and has it all. I just got it on DVD and 20 years later it still does not disappoint, having plenty of action, drama, romance, and even comedy. Add to that the great car chases, automatic weapon shootouts and lots of stuff blowing up and you have a fun, edge of your seat experience! You will even be humming or whistling the .
A bum gives a Secret Serviceman a tip about a Secret Service man in the presidential detail who plans to kill the president. Baloney. How did the bum know? The script then turns to a most detailed examination of how the Secret Service works, but who cares. Most of this just slows down the movie. All the chases that follow are this film s version of the tiresome car chases of many movies. Then, after a lot of impossible athleticism in which our hero outruns and out guns all his buddies, we have a shootout in the Toronto City Hall. The Canadians are clearly marked with maple leafs, but how did they get into this? Finally, all is worked out. But it still makes no sense.
First be warned that I saw this movie on TV and with dubbed English which may have entirely spoiled the atmosphere. However, I ll rate what I saw and hope that will steer people away from that version. I found this movie excruciatingly dull. All the movie s atmosphere is lost with dubbing leaving the slow frustration of a stalker movie. I m sorry, but the worst movie sin in my book is to be slow except when the movie about philosophy. I didn t see any deep philosophical meaning in this movie. Maybe I missed something, but I have to tell it like I see it. I rated it a 1 . What can I say, U.S. oriented tastes, maybe.
There are many TV shows I remember from my childhood, but of them all, this was perhaps my favourite! I discovered it in 1994, the year after it ended, meaning I was seeing all reruns, but that didn t matter. I was eight years old at the time, and would watch and tape it every Saturday morning, and I wouldn t find out I was seeing all reruns until about a decade later anyway! In more recent years, I have sometimes rewatched episodes on tape, and have very recently managed to see almost every episode on the Internet, many .
It wasn t horrible in the horrible kind of way. I actually think I Know Who Killed Me was a pretty good movie, aside from what most people think. Of course there was plenty of bad acting and definitely scenes that had no sense in them at all, but I am a sucker for a very SMALL amount of bad movies, and while this movie is kind of bad, I liked it. Lindsay Lohan makes her characters somewhat... likable even, and while the plot isn t the best, it is decent. It did not deserve all the razzies it .
When Tsui Hark experiments, nothing and no one can withstand him. Legend of Zu is possibly 6Hours condensed into 1h40. One does not understand all, but like at 2001 A Space Odyssey you also don t have to, but one feels the power of the film to every second, every picture. An extraordinary vision of the future of the 7th art and the one of the most pioneering, astounding, rejoicing in the recent years. VITAL severe MASTERPIECE! It s absolutely perfect as it is. When Tsui Hark experiments, nothing and no one can withstand him. Legend of Zu is .
The review that was first posted for this video strikes one as a bit reactionary and defensive. While I ve never been a Mormon, I do have a scientific background, and I found the science and the scientific conclusions very straightforward and solid, and yet it is done in such a way to make it accessible to the layperson. I didn t find it at all bashing or disrespectful on the contrary, as a scientific documentary it is quite dispassionate, though there are some personal stories and struggles interwoven through it. Although I can understand how it might cause some discomfort for some LDS viewers, I would nonetheless recommend it to them. As a production it is simple and uncomplicated, but there are a lot of very interesting and challenging sound bites. Even if the subject matter doesn t pique your interest, you might give this one a try.
I was in an extended stay in the hospital when this movie was released. Indeed I did not know it had been made until several years later when I saw the video of Celine Dion s Then You Look at Me , and recognized the scenes as being from the short story by Isaac Asimov. I immediately rented the video. This is the finest Robot movie ever, touching and funny. It remains faithful, in spirit if not detail, to the original story. Excellent acting by all. I do not understand why it flopped. Screen adaptations of Asimov s stories haven t always worked eg. Nightfall both versions , but this one does
What a stultifyingly dull and inept portrayal of Britain! This movie was obviously written by an American who doesn t understand our country, and has probably never even been here at least not for any length of time . There were so many inaccuracies, not least the total misrepresentation of our political system, and the hopelessly outmoded portrayal of our class culture . This is an England that does not exist, and has never existed! Worse still was the plot, which presented a nauseatingly sentimentalised picture of family life, not to mention a hopelessly unrealistic adolescent relationship. If you want a good British movie, you d be much better off with The Ghost of Greville Lodge , or One Against the Wind .
To my mind this is just an average ordinary silly film. The entire film takes place in an hotel. This is just fine but by showing some shots of a Tokyo skyscraper hotel heaven only knows what Ms. Coppola wished to convey. May be she wanted to depict that as people live in high buildings their feelings,emotions become low. A word about the bewildered American in Japan oh no Tokyo. Bill Murray looks utterly lost as if he has not been paid his salary for playing the part in the film. Scarlett is fine but she could have done better. The worst thing about this film is that Japanese people were caricatured. It is as if all the Japanese people use very long sentences even for expressing simplest of ideas. For all those lost souls interested in Japan bashing, please watch Alain Corneau s film Stupeur et tremblements .
Saw this with the wife. Interestingly, she was grossed out, but enjoyed it. Possible spoilers ahead Think of this as Creepshow , but more disturbing on a mental level. Dumplings the HK extreme will definitely gross out the average viewer, but can be seen as an allegory to the trends of beauty today. Cut the Korean extreme brings some of Park Chanwook s themes of the Vengeance trilogy into a 40 minute segment. Very nerve racking. Box the Japanese experience pretty standard Miike a la Gozu. But extremely entertaining. While nowhere as disturbing as Audition , these three would pack a wallop in any American theatre. Savor it...
Since this movie has 3 mini movies, I will give a short review and score of each in the order that I liked them. Box 9 out of 10 This was my favorite of the three films. I loved the look and feel of it. Absolutely beautiful. To be honest I was surprised that Miike could pull this off. All of his other films are off the wall gangster esquire gore shockudramas. This one had a very deliberate pace and feel to it. I expected the least from this film due to the horror genre and having seen Gozu, .
lets start off by saying that JAWANI DIWANI is just a pathetic movie. I agree with the last person who said I missed the joyride . lol. The jokes were just terrible. Performances were average. Something went terribly wrong with the film. Emraan totally deserved something better. All CELINA JAITLEY did was expose. Hrishitta bhatt was OK. Emraan hashmi was OK too. MANN EMRAAN HASHMI is a desperate guy who wants to become famous. therefore, he uses RADHA and pretends he loves her, only because her father is a music director and could help him become famous since, the father obeys everything his daughter says .
After an astronaut dies in space, he is brought back to a military base. Inside the man are discovered alien embryos he is the host for what could be a terrible alien invasion! This film comes to us from director Bernard L. Kowalski, who also directed Attack of the Giant Leeches see separate review but may be better known for his work on Columbo . Executive producer was Roger Corman, known as the creator of much better films than this one... particularly in the 1960s. br br This movie is cheesy and poorly constructed. What comes across as interesting .
This movie is bad news and I m really surprised at the level of big name talent who would ever agree to appear in such a piece of junk as this. I imagine there were a few strangled agents sprawled across Hollywood Blvd. as a result of this fiasco. What really gets you is that it could have been good. The directors star appeal and the subject matter was sufficient fodder to spark interest and ticket sales, but this is a flop. The multiple story lines all go from bad to silly by the pictures end, and you end .
Daft potboilers don t come much dafter than this, but it s a Douglas Sirk movie which makes everything alright. Except in this case it doesn t. Based on a sanctimonious novel by the sanctimonious Lloyd C Douglas, he wrote The Robe , and already filmed in 1935 with Irene Dunne and Robert Taylor, it s got more uplift than a cantilever bra. br br Rock Hudson is the arrogant playboy who not only feels responsible for making Jane Wyman a widow but later is directly responsible for the accident in which she loses her sight. To make amends he takes up medicine, becomes a great eye surgeon and restores it. No, it sin t quite that daft he had planned to become a doctor before becoming an arrogant playboy .
Blake Edwards tried very hard to change Julie Andrews image in this film. He tried to make her sexy not realizing she already was. I think they were both still a bit irked that Julie had not been chosen to film her Broadway success of Camelot and was passed over as not being sexy enough. Unfortunately, they chose this vehicle to try and assuage this belief. It gets to the point where it is almost funny seeing Rock Hudson, who we all know now was gay, kissing Julie every 2 minutes throughout this movie. It seems now that they .
A friend warned me that this was the worst movie he had ever seen. I was curious, because it had developed a bit of a cult status. I like a lot of odd indie cult movies so I gave it a shot. I have to agree with my friend. It is a steaming pile of dung. I am sorry to the people who love this movie, but I can recommend much better stuff if you want to watch a twisted indie cult film. Try Peter Jackson s Dead Alive aka Braindead , Cemetery Man aka Dellamorte Dellamore , or Modern vampires.
I really tried to like this film an excellent ensemble cast and technically well shot, however the addition of the US scenes credited as being shot in Kentucky appeared to be stuck on simply to provide US appeal . There appeared to be no sophistication of the plot and it simply boils down to Jocket gets cancer, his horse tears a ligament and may be put down. Therapy for both before eventual recovery, and both win the Grand National at Aintree. Even Edward Woodward didn t appear to be overstretching himself, and whether you could believe John Hurt as .
In the aftermath of September 11th in New York, this drama about American firefighters was conceived as a salute and tribute to their professionalism. The story is told with a series of flashbacks, where after firefighter Jack Morrison Joaquin Phoenix has crashed through the floor of a burning building, and only communicating with Captain Mike Kennedy John Travolta via the radio. The flashbacks basically show how Jack grows from being a recruit, seeing Kennedy as a father figure, to being a firehouse legend. Of course, in the present day, Jack s fellow firefighters are trying to reach him, but .
This movie was pretty well done for a sequel.It has tons of drama, and romance. It felt at times like it was made for a TV movie. But if you like dramas or even a update on the people from Terms of Endearment . This movie is a update of that movie. It was one of the best dramas I saw that year. The only problem with the movie is this, I wish it was a little bit longer. If you want to spend some time with old movie friends ,s ee this movie!!The cast is great especially Bill Paxton!!!
A trio of detestable hoodlums Steele, Lomax and Billy beat a man to death, torment a convenience store employee and after arriving at an isolated farmhouse keep a weird girl and her grandfather hostage. This film is also known as The California Axe Massacre which is strange considering it was filmed in North Carolina.
I first saw this movie on cable about 5 years ago and I could not stop laughing. Everything about this movie seemed to click, the storyline, the characters, the setting. As far as film is concerned I wouldn t call this a great movie but for what it is supposed to be it is fantastic. It gets it s meaning across. The cast is maybe as good as any ever put together in a comedy movie. Corben Berbson, Fred Gwynne, Ruben Blades, and Ed O Neil are hilarious. For this who haven t seen it, I will give you .
Absolutely fantastic. Now, before a legion of cinema purists choke on their latt s, allow me to elaborate. Much as I enjoyed it, this is quite simply one of the worst films I have ever seen and is certainly the worst film I ve seen at the cinema an impressive claim, as I remember seeing Daredevil on the big screen . The two leads Daniel Gillies and Elisha Cuthbert were unconvincing at best and downright awful at worst. Of course, they weren t helped by a script that had as much emotional depth as a Daphne Celeste single and .
The Mysterious Mr. Wong is a mystery to me. Star Bela Lugosi made some questionable career choices following his success in Dracula 1931 . This was certainly one of them. He accepted many parts from so called poverty row studios probably because he needed the money. At this time he was about to embark on a trilogy of films with Boris Karloff The Black Cat, The Raven , The Invisible Ray that should have solidified his career. Unfortunately it did not. This mess of a movie casts Lugosi as a Chinese Chinese? lord, Fu Wong, who is seeking the .
No bullets, no secret agents, a story that is entertaining, funny, and believable. Met some of the producers actors in this film at the theater. They seemed as interesting in person as their characters on screen. You may not hear about this movie on TV with high dollar ad spots, but it is definitely worth checking out. I have spent 8 for a movie ticket on a lot of other movies that weren t this entertaining. Looking forward to future projects by this production company.
This movie should have NEVER been made. From the poorly done animation, to the beyond bad acting. I am not sure at what point the people behind this movie said Ok, looks good! Lets do it! I was in awe of how truly horrid this movie was. At one point, which very may well have been the WORST point, a computer generated Saber Tooth of gold falls from the roof stabbing the idiot creator of the cats in the mouth...uh, ooookkkk. The villain of the movie was a paralyzed sabretooth that was killed within minutes of its first appearance. .
I had gotten the impression from a fellow Marx Brothers fan that the Ritz Brothers also were funny, that if like like the Marx Brothers, you ll like these guys, too. Are you kidding? The Ritz Brothers aren t even close to the MB in humor and entertainment. These guys were not funny just stupid. I know humor was different back in the late 1930s, but this was just plain dumb. Maybe the Ritz s are an acquired taste. With a story that involves detectives battling sinister characters, an ape who had escaped from a carnival, secret passageways and hidden doors in walls in a haunted type house environment, etc., this should have been a really funny and entertaining movie.....but these guys just aren t funny. They botched it up. The Marx Brothers, or the The Three Stooges, would have made this story hilarious.
I usually like sci fi when it s pure sci fi. I usually like present day drama when it s believably real. Disaster, at least for me, looms large when sci fi meets real life drama. So here we have a present day crime thriller crossed with sci fi time travel...And, this movie kicks butt, works so well, in fact, it s nuances should be studied in film school. It s original enough to be compelling where we are not in some distant future, but the here and now. The story, the characters, and the effects mesh well to .
Valentine Dogkiller Dussaut and Joe The Judge Kern join forces to clean up the mean streets of Geneva! Thrill as they put the kibosh on international heroin smugglers, Polish fugitives, peeping toms, philandering girlfriends, renegade dogs, and litterbugs who are too lazy to bin their recyclables. Don t be fooled by the deceptive Miramax ad campaign that paints it as a pretentious, art house flick. This movie is 100 action!
This movie was unbelievably BAD. Not cool bad but bad bad. There was only one thing that made this movie worth wasting two hours watching it and that is Paul Walker!!! Although he s only in it the first part of the movie, you won t miss much if you just watch his scenes and turn the movie off!!!
Mysterious murders in a European village seem the result of THE VAMPIRE BAT horde plaguing the terrified community. This surprisingly effective little thriller was created by Majestic Pictures, one of Hollywood s Poverty Row studios. The sparse production values and rough editing actually add to its eerie atmosphere and lend it an almost expressionistic quality. Overall, it leaves the viewer the feeling of being caught up in a bad dream, which is appropriate for a thriller of this sort. Even though the eventual explanation for the hideous crimes is quite ludicrous and is not given proper plot development, the .
A film I expected very little from, and only watched to pass a quiet hour but what an hour it turned out to be. Roll is an excellent if none too serious little story of country boy lost in the big city makes good , it is funny throughout, the characters are endearing and the pace is just right. Toby Malone is the true star of the film with his endearing portrayal of Matt, said country boy and local Aussie Rules football hero come to the big city to try out for one of the big teams. He is supported superbly by John Batchelor as local gangster Tiny. Watch out for these two. Highly recommended.
I chose Dead Creatures because I thought it was a zombies movie just like 28 days or so... but not at all. It isn t even a horror movie. Nothing happens, except for a group of women that seem to have been infected by a strange virus that make her to eat human flesh in order to survive. That plot gives rise to a series of disgusting scenes of cannibalism... Very VERY BAD MOVIE. My rate 2 10
Film historians have said much about ancient epics that have been the interest of many directors from the beginning of cinema. The pioneers of such epics, particularly biblical ones, were D.W Griffith with his mother of all epics INTOLERANCE 1916 , and Cecil B DeMille with his flair for magnificent spectacles, costumes and lavish scenes. Who can forget his TEN COMMANDMENTS 1923, 1956 or THE SIGN OF THE CROSS 1932 ? Nevertheless, here comes another epic, made in the 1950s, directed by Michael Curtiz, and based on the novel by Mika Waltari, The Egyptian. Michael Curtiz, already famous for .
This is one of the most touching stories I have ever seen. Everything about it clicked beautifully. It was sensitive and emotional, without feeling sappy or too manipulative. The contrast between a teenage boy and a little girl trying to live their lives, and the ravages of war around them was a very strong and moving idea. The standard conceits of anime with large sappy eyes and small mouth movements with short pithy dialog wasn t at all distracting in this. Spoiler warning One of my favorite scenes is the sequence when Seito gets caught for stealing and is .
I was very worried when I heard Ben Stiller was making this movie and my fears came true. His and Owen Wilson s portrayal of Starsky Hutch is an insult to anyone who ever enjoyed the show. The weak and whining characters they created along with the sexual overtones they put into place between Starsky and Hutch ruined what could have been tremendous fun. Once again Ben Stiller has proved to be a one trick pony without any real acting abilities. Owen Wilson has created some entertaining movies, however this certainly is not one of them. The best that Stiller and Wilson can claim is a reasonable physical resemblance to the original stars of the television series. The movie is made even worse with the terrible performance by Snopp Dog as Huggy Bear .
For me, North and South Books I II is the ultimate TV series of the 80 s. Just spotting all those cameo appearances was highly entertaining.Gene Kelly, James Stewart, Elisabeth Taylor, Olivia De Havilland, Robert Mitchum, even Johny Cash No series has come close to this achievement.Have you ever seen anyone looking like Lincoln? Dick Smith s prosthetics made Hal Holbrock s powerful performance even more so. The crafted costumes, the jaw dropping locations, everything. It s clear that nowadays there are excellent and bright TV series Desperate Housewives, Lost,24 but North South was, and still is, one of .
I am not saying that Night of the Twisters was horrible, but it was far from great. Mediocre at absolute best. I seems though that every time one type of movie is released, a second must be around the same time. Think about Armageddon and Deep Impact, Volcano and Dante s Peak Night of the Twisters is really just Twister except worse and with mundane special effects. I have nothing against the actors who starred in it, even if they weren t great, it was the movie itself, the directing, the special effects, the whole storyline was just too .
This film tells the story of a romance between Albert Einstien niece and a gas station attendant. In order to get the two together, Einstien agrees to help Ed Hudsucker Proxy s Tim Robbins learn to act more intelligent. This impresses Catherine Meg Ryan . Unfortunately Einstien goes too far and Ed is considered to be a genius. Hilarity ensues. Not to be missed. Filmed in Mercer county New Jersey at Princeton University, Lawrenceville Prep School doubling for Princeton University as well as a beautiful vintage gas station in Hopewell.
I was disappointed with the recent 2000 American remake of this English mini series. Though it followed the plot line very closely, it seemed to leave the heart and soul of the original out. Not to mention adding shallow preachy heavy handed messages ... So my advice is to skip the modern remake and stick with the original. It s much longer, but gripping and totally well done. Interesting, complex and textured, without the preachy self righteousness... and it s beautifully shot, as well. br br I find it galling that these heartless remakes of great overseas films get so much Hollywood fanfare at the Oscars. Though I did like Benicio Del Torro getting some deserved praise...
My Take Routine political thriller with mediocre action scenes and predictable twists. br br A rarely seen political thriller, which made a very poor box office response, I managed to catch THE SHADOW CONSPIRACY on TV just now, and while I was glad that I satisfied my curiosity to see this rare film, I didn t exactly feel this film was all special. Considering the box office response to it, SHADOW CONSPIRACY is not all quite as bad as critics and the public reacted to it, but still ain t very good to begin with and everything, from script .
I had to give this film a 1 because it s that bad, but don t make this think that I didn t enjoy watching, because I laughed and laughed, and I even had a few questions. So half of the time I was laughing, half of the time I was saying what in the hell is going on? or why would someone do this? et cetera. I mostly enjoyed the terrible fog effects, the 80 s style nude scene battle dialogue nude scene, and the way that the warrior s swords flap in the wind when they ride .
I did not watch the 2002 MTV Movie Awards, but when I downloaded this 3 minute spoof from Kazaa, I found myself strangely entertained at this little piece. Yes, I agree, at times it can seem a little tasteless and lame but the quality of the editing and the snippets cut from the original movie was so clever and smartly put together that I couldn t help but laugh. The performances by Jack Black and Sarah Michelle Gellar were also funny in contrast to the seriousness of the other actors. I recommend this to all LOTR fans, as well as anybody else. This is a must watch!! However, if you don t like offensive material, then think twice.
As a fan of Notorious B.I.G., I was looking forward to this movie. I am unfortunate to see it is a terrible movie. Jamal Woodward is not convincing or realistic enough to portray Notorious B.I.G. A lot of the story follows Notorious B.I.G. s real son, Christopher Jordan Wallace as Notorious B.I.G. as a kid. Unfortunately, he is not convincing enough to pay tribute to his father. Derek Luke is just as unconvincing as Sean Puffy Combs. In a nutshell, no one is convincing enough to play their roles here. The big problem with this are these are actual .
This is the best film adaptation of Dickens best novel. You can t go wrong with this one. The production is low budget, but that actually works in its favor. The film has a grittiness that is entirely appropriate. The script is first rate and the actors are virtuosos across the board. There is not a note in it anywhere that rings false. If you re tired of the sentimentalism and cartoonish characters usually associated with Dickens, you will be pleasantly surprised. There is none of that here. This is a story about real people. There are no saints, except for Rachel and she s a minor character, and no devils. Even the ostensible villain, Bounderby, is humanized. Dickens on film doesn t get better than this.
I started to watch this movie expecting nothing, just another movie to watch, but since the first twenty minutes, the artwork and main character, who is enigmatic, doesn t talk much, really got me in this movie. I really liked this movie, it was dark, beautifully acted and really touching. It s a bit slow but the immersion was complete. The directing was awesome by letting us know bits by bits the story leading to the conviction of Joey and his life behind bars. The music was really great and very well incorporated into the scenes. The ending was unexpected with a twist I didn t see coming. It s not the kind of movie we see often.
The plot what there was of it was trying to go in multiple directions at the same time. The comedy made use of hackneyed and offensive stereotypes barbarous Mongolians, dumb blacks or smirky in jokes about the girls, who have a whopping one film history together, which is not nearly enough for self referential humor. The action scenes were horrible distortions of reality. I mean, I can suspend disbelief for most movies, but villains who can fly simply by wearing a dress with big sleeves and a full skirt, people dodging bullets by flipping away from them, a full .
Silly cheesy horror movies, man how they make a Saturday night. You can pretty much tell from the box it comes in whether it s a dud or a gem in hiding. This one was of the former persuasion. The actors were capable and the overall production quality was good. But the STORY that s where this falls into the toilet. It s not scary in the slightest, it s just a ripoff of that classic short story The Most Dangerous Game where a guy is trapped on an island trying to avoid some killer there s even a pit trap just like in that story .
To be honest I would much rather be having my teeth pulled out at the dentist than watching this rubbish. There seems to be no entertainment value at all, it s a load of people sat in a house for 24 hours doing nothing but argue and bitch about everything all day long. I would find it much more interesting if they actually did something interesting Even making them kill each other in horrific death matches would be more interesting. The only people I feel sorry for are the ordinary people who occasionally show up they get treated like escaped asylum patients. Finally there s the diary room the perfect chance for the contestants to bitch and moan what a bunch of assholes.
Oh Mr. Carell! How far you ve fallen! After a glowing moment in LITTLE MISS SUNSHINE, Steve Carell s choice of films is beginning to contrast starkly with what has come since. Although THE 40 YEAR OLD VIRGIN was entertaining, it was dwarfed by his Sunshine character. Hoping to find something that d get me to spew popcorn from my nose, I decided to rent EVAN ALMIGHTY and see what possible guffaws might await me here. Not much... br br Given the trite and clich d script, the entire film felt forced and unemotional. Poking a bit of fun .
From Ellyn Bache s novel about the feisty mother of seven boys, most of whom are now grown and out of the house, still worrying after them, concerned over their health and safety, which eventually puts a strain on her sanity. Extremely odd piece is not an attractive vehicle for Susan Sarandon, although she s as interesting as ever. Film takes place over a couple days time, while Sarandon and her eccentric brood await the news of her soldier son, but the picture has no particular viewpoint, it s just a melodramatic passel of scenes. Susan is its one distinguishing factor giving another in her repertoire of aggressive yet vulnerable characters, she s reason enough to take a look but you probably won t remember the flick a day or so later. 1 2 from
Fr hling auf dem Eis is a must for everyone interested in the history of figure skating and ice revues. The skaters open a dream world of colours and dance. Eva Pawlik, in the fifties Austria s most popular figure skating queen, is shown in a large number of roles on the ice as a doll as well as a ballerina and also in the leading role in the movie s frame story. It goes without saying that the skating style looks old fashioned from the present point of view, but taking into account that the film is more .
I didn t read the book Scarlett and when I watched this mini series I enjoyed it very much and thought it didn t need to be compared to GWTW. The story may differ from the book, but who cares its a movie. Even in the credits its based on the book, its not the book. The film is clearly under appreciated with the reviews that other people write but can t even spell the main characters names right. br br The acting in Scarlett I thought was superb. Joanne Whalley and Timothy Dalton were excellent. They took the .
All of the people reviewing this film, and probably many professional film reviewers, just don t get it. This film was made with matting sequences and art techniques quite like the works of the great Czech filmmaker, Karel Zeman. If you want to know what I m talking about, I suggest you get any of Zeman s films, such as The Fabulous World of Jules Verne, Baron Munchausen, Journey to the Beginning of Time, or On The Comet. If you are unable to locate a film, then read the reviews in AMG. They will explain the processes used. If .
Ronald Chetwynd Hayes is a very underrated author . His horror stories often feature a twist ending mixed in with lots of black humour . I read his Tales Of Fear And Fantasy short story collection as a sixteen year old and can fondly remember the stories featured . Hardcore horror fans who enjoy gore will probably consider his stories quaint but as an entertaining read I recommend him . Unfortunately I find it difficult to recommend THE MONSTER CLUB to anyone John Carradine plays the author who goes to a club only to find it populated by monsters and meets a vampire called Eramus who describes different types of bloodlines of monsters and relates three short stories .
Apparently Ruggero Deodato figured out, early on, that his story wouldn t work if he approached it too seriously, so he decided to camp it up. The result is a film that can be viewed as either a ludicrous sword and sorcery epic or as a very entertaining comedy! And I think I ll go the second way. The brief gore moments are well done, the Paul Brothers openly mock the material they even bark at each other in one scene! , and there is also a charming, spirited, good natured performance by Eva La Rue, as the girl who tags along with the boys . Plus, where else can you see the insides of a dragon lighted like a discotheque??
There are some people who try to reclaim Nadja along with Abel Ferrera s The Addiction the most stultifyingly pretentious film ever made, bludgeoning the audience with Wim Wenders like globs of pseudo philosophical gabble and supposedly arty screes of visual incoherence by suggesting it is comic. But laughing at what, exactly? Horror films? You have to know what horror films do before you can mock them, and director Almedeyra hasn t a clue. American indie films? Probably, but it replicates that mind numbing mindset so faithfully, it forgets to be funny about it. Students, whose existential angst and elevated notions of beauty find expression in My Bloody Valentine records? Definitely. Elena Lowenstein as Dracula s Daughter and Breton s Nadja? is so gorgeous in her designer Grim Reaper cape, she may even replace Death from The Seventh Seal as my iconic nightmare of choice.
This film was perhaps one of the most boring horror films I ve ever sat through, the plot was boring, the characters were boring, even the deaths were boring! With a name like Shrooms you imagine this will be a horror film with some sort of Trainspotting appeal in places but this film lacked any sort of interesting concept whatsoever! The film is based around a group of American teens visiting Ireland with one purpose to take magic mushrooms have a good time. They are meet at the airport by main character Tara s Lindsey Haun on off boyfriend .
I like Armand Assante my cable company s summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again. br br The early part is difficult to follow, but later it clears up. I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends. br br Some of the acting is unconvincing, but maybe that s because I was always expecting some kind of double cross. In that case, the poor acting would be the insincerity of the characters interacting with each other, so it fits very well. br br The important theme is .
In answer to the person who made the comment about how the film drags on and who believed there was no purpose to the role of Jess s brother here is my response The role of Jess s brother is to provide a form of dramatic irony in the story. Craig Sheffer Norman could have foreseen the troubles associated with living life to the full by looking at how Jess s brother turned out. There are various instances where Brad Pitt and his lives run in parallel, for example, when Jess s brother takes Craig Sheffer to a disjointed .
John Heder was absolutely horrendous in this movie. I felt like I was watching a bad college kid act for the first time in a student film. Anna Farris was par for the course, not good, but not horrible plus she s cute . Dianne Keaton should have known better. Jeff Daniels was the only saving grace in this movie even though it was poor judgement on his part as well . All in all, I would avoid this at all costs. I m just glad I didn t pay to see it! John Heder will forever be stuck in the typecast role of the dorky kid, unless he does some SERIOUS work on his acting chops.
I thought this was an excellent movie. I give it 10 out of 10 stars. Everything about it is great, acting, directing, production, script, music and storyline. Spoilers Herein The treatment in some of these women s prisons is unacceptable. They are criminals but they should still be treated humanly. Correcting people is not treating them nasty and doing inhuman things to them like in this movie. These things include rape, abuse, sodomy, the use of torture equipment and special privileges and gifts in exchange for sexual favors. This is extremely wrong. Kudos to the cast, crew and filmmakers. Two Thumbs Way Up!
This is a great mystery with superior acting. At the beginning of the film we see Ted Crawford beautifully played by Anthony Hopkins who is obviously a brilliant man. His hobby is designing part Rube Goldberg, part perpetual motion devices that use steel balls that travel intricate routes. We also get a quick insight into his huge ego. He s not a lovable guy. We also find that his wife who is exhausted by trying to kowtow to Ted s massive ego is in the midst of an affair. She has kept her identity a secret to her lover, .
All i can say is give it 11 out of 10! Its got so much gore and alien homeworlds and broadswords, and yet im sure if you took your wife girlfriend or religious father to see it they would nod and smile at the end and say i didn t think id enjoy that but it was quite good actually I haven t felt so excited watching a film in years! especially not an action fantasy film. The alien was SWEET and truly magnificent, the cgi was top notch. The director needs a big pat on the back. I haven t felt this way since i was a kid, it emulated all my favourite childhood films ALIEN, HIGHLANDER, PREDATOR....with a touch of WILLOW So SO good! im gonna see it again! LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE
Never been kissed starring Drew Barymore as Reporter Josie Gellar is a sweet, extremely sappy and sometimes quite painful tale of a timid woman named Josie Gellar who though brilliant is quiet and shy and has never been kissed by a man. She is assigned her first major news story for the newspaper she works for to go undercover as a high school student befriend the popular cool kids and get a scoop as to what really goes on in the world of high school. Only problem is Josie has never been popular. High School was in fact, a .
As a senior at a college in northeastern Pennsylvania, I accepted the opportunity to be an extra in a movie being shot in Honesdale, PA. Well, guess which movie it was you got it Playing for Keeps ! I don t think I ve told anyone I was ever in it except my wife as I m sure I don t want them seeing it! We spent the day there mostly outside in the cold, and shot 1 scene the final scene where the guy comes back from jail for the night. I thought I performed well, and am .
wow, i was not expecting much from this but found it to be very good! It sure kept my attention. I m not usually a big fan of this genre of movie. Goldie did a good job. some of the shots happened so quick i wish i had seen it on dvd so I could rewind and take a second look.
Without doubt, one of the worst films ever made. Sluggish and without structure, tension or story, the film coasts on the thin premise of putting together a show . Conflicts are resolved within two or three seconds of their inception and dialogue is random and incidental. Everything is put together in a slapdash order and often Stepping Out feels more like a deleted scenes reel than an actual movie. The film seems to exist merely as a showcase for gaudy and totally random Liza musical numbers. Shelly Winters can be seen in the far superior octo epic Tentacles , and the REAL Liza can be found in the Showtime release of Queer Duck The Movie .
This movie has to rank with Welcome to the Jungle and The Hitcher and Dream Catcher for sheer god awfulness. You ve got the most irritating heroine in gore history who spends most of her time sobbing and wailing and shrieking all the time in the most horrendous rest stop toilet ever put on film. Why she spends so much time in this ghastly bathroom from hell is never explained. Even when the usual killer truck driver is trying to murder her, she refuses to leave the crapper. When a motorcycle cop comes to her rescue, the killer truck .
The movie opens with a scene that simply could not be. A man wakes up and while his wife remains in bed, he begin his morning prayers in his bedroom while his wife sleeps peacefully. Morning blessings are recited, but only the ones Gitai finds controversial. the rest are conveniently omitted. then while in philactories and a tallis he kisses his wife good morning!! This is not an accurate depiction of jewish prayer in any home, let alone a chassidic home. Amos Gittai is not interested in accurately portraying chassidic life. He is interested in adding to his ever .
What I Like About You is definitely a show that I couldn t wait to see each day. Amanda Bynes is such an excellent actress and I grew up watching her show The Amanda Show. She s a very funny person and seems to be down to earth. Holly is such a like able person and has an out there personality. I enjoyed how she always seemed to turn things around and upside down, so she messed herself up at times. But that s what made the show so great. I especially loved the show when the character Vince .
This was a truly insipid film. The performances are third rate, and the dialogue is so stilted that at times it seemed to have just rolled over and died. My reason for renting this was simple Find a movie with scriptwriting. I needed a visual aid for my presentation, so I figured why not use a clip? Boy was I wrong. After searching my local video store, I came upon this, where it was suspiciously titled Starstruck . I thought, What the hey , and decided to give it a try. Well, I was very unhappy with my results. .
I must say that I find refuge in foreign films. I tend to watch Korean, Japanese, Spanish, etc. movies because since they do not have the budget for big explosions and special effects, they spend time making movies that make you think, movies with soul, movies worth watching and remembering. Sadly, this Valley of the Wolves Iraq could have been a chance for Turkey to make an excellent movie from their perspective. We do not have to agree that the United States of America is always going to be portrayed as the hero or the champion. We are a .
Someone release this movie on DVD so it can take its hallowed place as on of the greatest films of all time in ten to twenty years when critics and film historians look back on the so called films of the 1990 s and see how vapid they were for the most part, and how Lars Von Trier tried to revolutionize and revitalize the international film world with this masterpiece. As it stands, Zentropa or Europa as it is referred to outside the US is one of the most fascinating and artistic views of the bleakness and almost psychotic .
absolutely amazing film. absolutely the best anti china movie Americans ever made anti china just means that kind of movie shows china s bad side, doesn t mean anything negative. the reason make me like this movie, is how deep the film makers know about china, unlike other anti china movies, this one is extremely really, like the all the uniform designs, and those details make the movie believelbe . but thats not the best part, the beauty of the film is how much does the writer understand whats the problem of china, those problems in the justice system, .
Kopps is a very entertaining Swedish comedy from the opening of the film to the final credits. Like most Swedish films, the cinematography is exceptional and the acting is top notch. What makes this find stand apart is the screenplay is well written and humorous. It s accessible to large audiences. Most people will enjoy this film. Each character in the film is unique and a joy to watch. It has a good story, and does very well at capturing small town life in modern day Sweden. This film is not an historical period piece or set on a rural farm, which is refreshing. And it s better than most Hollywood movies. This director has a real future in film making.
Laura Carson Charlotte Austin has just married big game hunter Dan Fuller Lance Fuller. On her wedding night she finds herself strangely attracted to Spanky, a gorilla gone bad that Dan keeps locked up in a basement cage. Before you can say Ed Wood wrote this, there are gun shots, nightmares, hypnotism, and Dan s unhappy discover that bride Laura may be the reincarnation of a gorilla queen! Can you dig it? Now and then a bad movie becomes unintentionally hilarious, but most of the time bad movies are simply bad. BRIDE AND THE BEAST actually teeters between the .
This two disc set is incredible! If you re like me and never had the opportunity to actually see the band live, then this is the next best thing. Jimmy Page, who in my opinion is the second best guitarist ever to walk the face of the earth second only to Slowfingers himself , He puts on an amazing show in every piece of footage in this film. John Paul Jones, although not as up front as Page, puts on one hell of a show. Although in the live atmosphere, his rythmic bass lines aren t as defined as .
This anime is awesome. Great story, perfect animation, a little bit of romance, some ecchi stuff, a bit of gore a LARGE bit of gore , but THIS gore perfectly fit into the story and into the atmosphere of Elfen Lied. The story seems to be a little bit simple for the first look, but when you get further and further into it, you will find out, that you are really caught, and this great piece of art won t release you, until you watch it all. Otherwise, it s really masterful drawn and animated, and the switching between edgy cuteness, and terrible brutality merciless murdering is great. The main character, Lucy Nyuu is really great and they have described her emotions, decisions and psychics very well. It s just too awesome to resist!
If you like cars you will love this film! There are some superb actors in the film, especially Vinnie Jones, with his typical no nonsense attitude and hardcase appearance.The others are not bad either.... There are only two slight flaws to this film. Firstly, the poor plot, however people don t watch this film for the plot. Secondly, the glorification of grand theft auto car crime . However if people really believe they can steal a Ferrari and get away with it then good look to them, hope you have a good time in jail! When i first read .
Most horror movies are in fact horrible movies. They get to be same ol same ol . Same ol pack every minute with some cheap thrill usually splatter and nowadays they can pack every second with gaudy special effects. One of the goals of a really good horror flick is to suspend the sense of disbelief of the audience. For instance, I saw both of the recent Mummy movies and nearly got dizzy viewing ridiculous special effects every second. It probably costs a million dollars per second to make those movies and my sense of disbelief was never suspended, .
Having seen three other versions of the same film, I am afraid for me this is by far the weakest, primarily due to Scott s rather dull and leaden performance. His emotions throughout are so bland it makes it difficult to engage in the film. Alistair Sim portrayed the role infinitely better. When Scrooge was at his meanest, you don t get the sense Scott is saying the dialogue with much conviction and when he undergoes his metamorphosis he is similarly unconvincing. I cannot think of any actors in this film who match those from the Alistair Sim version. Even the musical version and frankly the Muppets take on this are better executed. Very disappointing.
Phantasm is a film that defined a generation of horror films to come. Don Coscarelli s vision, while implemented in a low budget and thus low key fashion, has proven to be a major influence on horror films of the 80s and 90s. The plot is original, the acting acceptable, the special effects teetering on the cheesy, yet still utterly entertaining, this film is a must see for any true horror movie fan. The Spheres of Phantasm are one of the most memorable icons of the genre, and the Tall Man one of its most intriguing characters. The underappreciated sequel, Phantasm II , as well as numbers III and IV serve to flesh out this masterpiece of horror. Phantasm is a B movie classic, in the real of flicks such as the original Nightmare on Elm Street and the first Friday the 13th .
I stayed after the film for a Q A with the director in the hopes that he could explain the film. In fact, someone even yelled from the rear of the theater, for an explanation. All the filmmaker could say was that he was a fan of surreal films. This was apparently his bow to surrealism. That didn t explain the awkward editing, the jumping from one point in the time line to another, the not knowing what was real and what was imagined, nor the confusing film in general. I will say the two leads acted well, and looked even better. I d love to see what they could do in another film. While I support new filmmakers and wish them the best, this film needs direction and a new edit.
I ve seen the William Holden version, and the Robby Benson version, but this OUR TOWN is by far the best. This is the filmed version of the Tony award winning broadway play, filmed simply on a bare stage in New York city, and it really works well. Our school used it as a template for our production! Featuring stellar performances from Spalding Grey, Eric Stoltz and Penelope Miller, this piece will move you and make you laugh there s a reason this is an American classic. Watch it with your family..
His Girl Friday is my favorite comedy of all time.The dialogue is funny fast and witty. Grant and Russell are brilliant,and the movie is about something too.My favorite comedy of all and one of my favorite movies .Some of my other favorite comedies are MASH,Animal House,Being There,and Bringing Up Baby.
Witchery might just be the most incoherent and lamentably scripted horror movie of the 80 s but, luckily enough, it has a few compensating qualities like fantastic gore effects, an exhilarating musical score and some terrific casting choices. Honestly the screenplay doesn t make one iota of sense, but who cares when Linda Blair with an exploded hairstyle portrays yet another girl possessed by evil powers and David Hasselhof depicts a hunky photographer who can t seem to get laid in a movie that constantly features bloody voodoo, sewn shut lips, upside down crucifixions, vicious burnings and an overused .
Hey Scream, you have a visitor. And his name is Leslie Vernon. Slasher movies, at least you can say you got two movies that manage to be slasher and yet parody your hilarious clich s. Just like in the movie scream, you have this movie that basically mocks slasher films but at the same time is categorized as one of them. While it is a parody movie, it still adds its own terrifying elements. Just like Scream..am I being repetitive here? Let s first start off with our crazy man. Nathan Baesel plays the character Leslie Vernon. While adding .
Here are the matches . . . Rockers v Power and Glory This turned into a handicap match as repackaged jobbers to the stars Hercules and Paul Roma hit Shawn Michaels in his already injured leg on ambush with the chain. Marty Jannetty makes a valiant effort before succumbing to the innovative Power Plex and pin. Michaels leaves the arena on a stretcher, selling his leg injury like a wild man. 4 10 Texas Tornado v Mr Perfect for the Intercontinental title Mr Perfect takes a few bumps before losing to the claw and Tornado Punch for an upset .
This very simple tale aims for a feel similar to a Coen brothers noir ish film but the actual craftsmanship and writing is not up to the task. The premise is that of two loners who have nothing in common but nonetheless bound together. One character is a hit man, played by director Michael Keaton. The other is Kate, a woman fleeing a past of abuse, played by Kelly MacDonald. Unfortunately, there s nothing here to rejuvenate the classic elements such as the nice guy hit man who is poorly socialized. The quirky relationships falls a little flat compared .
What members of the Bush administration said. Why it was all false. Lots of words about weapons of mass destruction, nuclear weapons, biological weapons, chemical weapons, grave threats, and Al Qaeda. Nothing about concern or freedom for the Iraqi people, something that came stage center only after the other reasons for the war were exposed as bald faced lies. Oscars to Mr. Bush and Mr. Powell for superior acting lying in a most convincing fashion and to Mr. Rumsfeld for a chameleonic performance changing as the story changed . This is a film every American and Briton should watch.
If the caper genre owes a lot to Walter Huston, it also has a debt of gratitude to Jules Dassin, a man that was ahead of his times and who suffered a lot because of his blacklisting when Edward Dmytryk accused him of being a Communist. The end of his American career would have meant the end of Mr. Dassin, but moving to Europe proved he was bigger than the same people that had contributed to his Hollywood demise. br br Rififi is an elegant film in which all the right elements come together thanks to Mr. Dassin s .
Strange, often effective hippie zombie flick, starring the unforgettable husband wife team of Alan and Anya Ornsby, this movie isn t as bad as most in its genre, but is still way high on the cheese factor. Includes several bargain basement zombies, outrageously campy dialogue, a scene chewing performance by Alan Ormsby, several gay kinky grave robbers, and one straange soundtrack. Wife Anya puts on a performance that s so odd, one has to wonder if she s really acting at all. There are much worst pics of this kind during the era look for any Al Adamson flic .
First of all, the judges on the show really lower its quality. They never seem to know what they are talking about, they judge the acts on entertainment value rather than talent, and they are all biased and opinionated. Hasselhoff seems a little weird these days, Brandy has nothing to say at all, and Piers is just some guy with, as far as I can see, no real credentials. The show should be called America s Got Stupid Entertainers. It doesn t live up to its title. In fact, one of the judges favorite acts was the rapping granny, .
Wow. I LOVED the whole series, and am shocked at comments by people who thought it ended badly. Perhaps it waffled a bit in seasons 4 5, while remaining better than anything else on television. But 6 and particularly 6b were beautiful permutations on the themes developed in the more muscular first three seasons. 6B started with such a sombre mood and Janice s always keen insight into the family angst that doom filled line about knowing Tony s penchant for sitting and staring. Anyone who missed the implications of that for the rest of the series does not .
Labeling this film a lesbian love story is about as accurate as calling Pride Prejudice a straight love story. There s just so much more to it than that. br br Yes, the main character is a lesbian, but her story is classic bildungsroman, a journey from childhood to adulthood, from sexual innocence into maturity, from personal blindness to self discovery. There is a stylistic element of camp to the film s direction, but it is not a hindrance rather it serves to underscore the staged and dramatic parts of the main character s life. br br Those who .
As a fan of the book, this work is fantastically adapted remaining true to the source materials, and demonstrating an honest respect for the literary work. The intrigues translate well to film by virtue of Ron Howard s good eye for detail and sound devotion to authenticity. br br I like Hanks as Robert Langdon. His portrayal is genuine and earthy, with only the barest glint of the Kip we all knew and loved, back in the day. He is a good dramatic actor and, while I miss his comedic efforts, I do enjoy his more serious performances. br .
I had real fears about watching this film because the 1954 remake is one of my ten favorite films, and absolutely perfect in every way. It stars Judy Garland and James Mason, in my opinion two of a handful of truly great actors, and Garland s own tragedies gave the story an extra frisson and force. It makes the greatest ever use of Technicolour, intense, excessive and emotional and its subject matter shook George Cukor out of his habitual gentility into his best direction, unafraid for once to be vulgar. It is a melodrama, it is a musical and .
Probably the most famous of Troma s back breakingly self conscious attempts to create a cult classic by deliberately making a bad film, The Toxic Avenger is a porno grade comedy horror in which a goofy pool attendant falls into a barrel of chemical waste and mutates into the scourge of the city s criminals. This is the kind of incompetent garbage that would be made bearable only by either good natured silliness or barking mad humour but since the tone here is rather nasty, and laughs are pretty much absent funniest line What the sh t? , we re left with zero comic timing, a cast of gurners, plenty of tiresome sound effects, public domain music and unbelievably amateurish editing. Pretty much worthless.
In my top ten movies list. Brilliantly captures the feeling of the voyage through adolescence. The excitement and anticipation of the first time first kiss etc is beautifully expressed by Madeline The best part s before you taste it... This movie is not for viewers who require explosions to satisfy their entertainment criteria but if you wish to relive the joy, the sweet pain, the magic and the limitless possibilities of your adolescence let Billy Forsyth transport you. There are so many elements packed into the film that I love. Seeing a glimpse of Phil Menzies alone but happy .
I was on the last hundred pages of Lucy Sullivan and had decided to put the book down make it last. Then the thought popped into my head There s a DVD set you can watch, just read it! . So i finished the book that night, really happy and excited about renting out the TV Adaption the next day. Now i wish I d savored the book, and not wasted my 10 on this crap. Not even Gerard Butler could save it. This is the worst thing i have watched since, and probably before, Gigli. The Characters are completely altered, none of the changes are positive. Too much detail is paid to things that are pointless and or dull. The acting is awful and the entire feeling of the show leaves you empty. Do not bother. It s an insult to all things Keys!
This is shallow hedonism and or social commentary wrapped in a tragic tale about a jealous young woman s scheme to drive apart her father and his fianc e. Is it incest or just a view through the eyes of a daughter with an Electra complex? Who cares? All of the characters, except for Anne Deborah Kerr are vacuous and vile. Seberg is poor I agree with the boys with breasts comment of an earlier review . The plot plodded. This predictable material was sufficient for about 30 minutes of film that unfortunately was stretched over an hour and .
This movie stars Ronald Colman in a duel role as a Englishman who just arrived in a European country just to relax and fish. He runs into some guards who are amazed at how much he looks like the guy who is about to be named king. Colman and the future king get really drunk and when colman passes out, the future king drinks some drugged wine and is knocked out for several hours so he can t be named king. So Colman has to take his place but they find out that his brother, Raymond Massey, has kidnapped the king because he wants to be king. Douglas Fairbanks Jr. is on Massey s side but really only cares about himself. David Niven and Mary Astor also star and you can find out about the plot when you watch it.
First and foremost I wish to aim a big mean middle finger towards the Troma DVD distribution crew, who were actually stupid enough to reveal the identity of this movie s pivot killer on the back of the cover! The synopsis just randomly mentions who s the person responsible for the massacre on graduation day, for Christ s sake! I don t care how terrible or how predictable an 80 s slasher can be just mentioning who did it ruins the whole point! So, a word of advise in case you also purchase the Troma double feature containing Graduation .
Christopher Lambert stars as a man in the near future and his wife is pregnant for the 2nd time but that is illegal because of a population control and they are trying to escape to Mexico but they get caught and sent to a maximum security futuristic prison called the Fortress for 31 years.It is said that it is imposable to escape from this prison but against all the odds Christopher Lamberts character plans to escape from the prison with his wife and some of his friends. I have seen most of Christopher Lamberts movies and this movie called .
I didn t thunk much of this movie and much of the blame should be centered on Ira Levin s source novel . Someone rightly points out that personality is possibly more to do with environment that genetics , so how come nobody realises that Nazi Germany wasn t all down to Hitler ? I m thinking of millions of Germans who fought and lost a world war from 1914 to 1918 and tens of millions of Germans being affected by the terms of the Versaille treaty . Hitler himself fought in the war and was lying in hospital when the war ended and all these factors had far more importance in the creation of Nazi Germany than Hitler s father being a civil servant . In other words Levin s plot is totally ludicrous to say the least .
I think that if Ed Wood were alive today or could make his complaints felt from beyond this mortal coil, he d be haunting the Medved Brothers who dared not include The Wild Women Of Wongo in their list of the 50 Worst Films. Next to this Plan Nine From Outer Space plays like Citizen Kane. This story is set on the mythical islands of Wongo and Guna and it seems as though the gene pool has played one dirty trick. The men of Wongo look like the inbreds from Deliverance and the women like playboy bunnies. On the .
I remember a certain Tuesday, the morning of 18 6 02 to be exact. I was dozed off, trying to convince myself to get out of bed when a horrific explosion was heard. I went to the kitchen where I have a view of several neighborhoods in the southern Jerusalem and saw a pillar of smoke rising from a distant point, the sight of the smoke was followed a minute later by the waling of sirens. I remember rushing to my bedroom, taking out my binoculars, racing back to the kitchen and spotting the image of a glass shattered .
i love the french cinema, i am not bashing this film because i havent seen alot of foreign films but they have copied the american film industry and made a worthless clone of previous french films. okay maybe i am a little to hard, but when i watch a film i expect certain things and so it should be advertised as an experimental film. there is no drama just two people who have an affair in a hotel, so theres a little mood going on a night, a transit strike. and to top if off there s even a director s commentary, about what? two people who meet with hardly any dialogue and hardly any chemistry? the dialogue is so muted at times that i couldn t even practice my french. i am so angry after watching this, a film that shouldnt even have been made.
This begins a wager between Edgar Allen Poe and a journalist...Poe bets that the man can not spend an entire night in a creepy castle. Well, of course he can, but will he come out unscathed? Hard to say with all these strange people that aren t supposed to be there wandering around, including the icy Barbara Steele. This is a fairly odd film in that the presentation is both in French and English, and switches back and forth a few times. Perhaps this is done because bits of dialog were lost? It s also rather dark and claustrophobic, .
A few years ago I saw The Scent of Green Papayas by the same director. My feelings about both films are in fact the same beautifully shot, but terribly slow and boring. I saw this film in a Sneak Preview, and left after half an Hour. Couldn t stand it anymore. How can one make an interesting film about people who are constantly telling each other how happy they are, and how perfect their lives are.........? I had a fantasy about a forgotten American G.I., still wandering around in the Vietnamese jungle, who was not aware the war had .
When it comes down to fairy tales, Cinderella was the one that made you cry the most. poor Cinderella is a girl who had her whole life stolen by 2 evil and ugly stepsisters and a slave driving step mother. and thanks to Mr. Walt Disney, We got to witness Cinderella in animation. Before the story begins, Cinderella and her father are lonely, and rich beyond their needs. to share his wealth and to give his daughter some sisters, Cinderella s Dad marries a woman, but then dies soon after. the stepmother, only seeing dollar signs in her eyes .
Criticism does mention spoilers br br I rarely make user comments, but this is one movie I have no problem slandering. This movie stinks, and its mediocre of rating of 6 and a half stars is probably too high for such pulp. The Bone Collector is not at all the same calibre of film that Silence of the Lambs or Seven were, despite what its ad claims. This is a perfect example of how not to make a thriller. The pace of this movie was extremely slow I actually left for about 10 minutes half way through and came back at the exact scene with the exact same character with absolutely no progression I refer to you the part where Angelina Jolie s character debates Denzel about cutting off a corpse hands .
Brothers with psychokinetic powers yes, really duel not just for Debra Winger s affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers. There are surreal touches the fire brigade that act like a singing Greek chorus , but there is also humour and romance. The soundtrack is great similar to the way American Werewolf in London used every great Wolf song they could get but with fire and I don t think I ll ever forget Dennis Quaid mmmmm Dennis Quaid , setting his own trailer a rockin to She s .
The movie was actually a romantic drama based on three sisters who had desires to become a famous girl group. In their endeavors, the oldest sister meets a drug dealer and street hustler called Satin, whom Sister goes after because she believes he is the big time who will give her everything she ever thought she wanted out of life. Though he could be accused of killing her, he really kills only her spirit and will to live, after which she becomes a drug addict and ultimately dies from an overdose. The story isn t about the street life .
I am definitely an amateur and may be a dilettante when it comes to being a serious film reviewer critic, but this movie has SO very much to offer to the movie lover, that it is a sad commentary on the state of our commercial arts that it remains largely unknown to all but the ardent silent chaplin aficionados. The IMDb profile and the other user comments highlight many of the generally innovative and well executed gags and set ups but I thought I would provide a list of things to look out for that don t get so .
I totally agree with Keith the Beckinsale version is a total rape of one of my favorite books and I would much rather have seen a carefully made version where the actors speak Spanish and fit with the characters in the book. Hey, Almodovar, Amenabar and friends where were you when the decision to make the film was set???? When Jean Jacques Annaud made films as for example The name of the Rose or Enemy at the Gates he did a perfect job in carefully creating the moods and atmospheres and directing characters, so in those cases I could actually stand the fact that most of the characters spoke English. But this film really sucks I am really disappointed.
There are only two even half good reasons to watch this limp, atypical version of the Frankenstein story. And both of them can be found inside just Kate O Mara s blouse. It s rubbish, pure and simple, all the more surprisingly so considering a it was written and directed by Jimmy Sangster, one of the half dozen most important names in the history of Hammer films and b it has an absolutely top notch cast as well as Ralph Bates who Hammer were grooming to take over Peter Cushing s mantle never happened we get uber Hammer babe .
When Uwe Boll, cinema con man extraordinaire, released the first House Of The Dead adaptation to completely deserved mockery, it was generally agreed among fans of the source video game that one would have to be incredibly moronic to contemplate making a sequel. Hollywood s per capita ratio of morons must indeed be high, for not only do we have a sequel, it was distributed in the antipodes by Sony, a company not normally known for its taste in expensive write offs. Released direct to television in America, the sequel does improve on the original in most respects, but .
Sorta kinda spoilers in here but if you ve read the other reviews on IMDb there s nothing new. Most aren t familiar with the Manuel Romasanta story no reason why they should and when they see the DVD case I m not familiar with theatrical hype , they are quite justified in picking it up expecting a werewolf film. They are also quite justified in being disappointed. They are victims of sleight of hand marketing. Don t know where the decision was made but whoever even chose to present the blurb ...in the tradition of The Howling . .
I stumbled upon Nine Dead recently and read the current reviews thinking I could deal with an average movie. This movie however was slightly below average, yet watchable. The script was poorly written and the acting was at average for a B level movie with a couple standing out as pretty good. The plot borders on that of Saw, teach people what they did wrong in a situation and try to make them appreciate life more, but that is really where the comparison ends. Nine dead tries to have heart and purpose behind simple ideas that are not new. .
The Two Thrones is the third and last installment in the Prince of Persia trilogy that started three years ago with the astonishing Sands of Time, a game that turned the popular 2D platform series into a complete and spectacular 3D adventure. Jumping, swinging, grasping, hanging off ledges, solving puzzles and graceful combat made up for one of the best games I ever played. Now I know that many people weren t too happy with the dark and grim atmosphere in Warrior Within, but I was actually quite satisfied with this new style. The extremely spectacular free fight system .
This movie is very similar to Death Warrant with Jean Claude Van Damme and also has some similarities to Island of Fire with Jackie Chan and I also heard that there is some other very similar action movies, but this film has a much better action than Death Warrant or even Island of Fire that s right, the Jackie Chan s movie . Rarely American action movies has such a great action sequences, though there was many negative reviews on this film, it easily beats most of the action movies of that time who were more successful. There were .
This has all the entertainment value of having teeth pulled without anaesthetic. When I first saw it, I thought I d tuned into an old war film by mistake, with Anne Robinson playing a Nazi interrogator. The lady was once a Daily Mirror columnist and when Robert Maxwell fell off the Lady Ghislaine in 1991 she penned a grovelling eulogy that ended with He enriched many lives. Mine was one of them. . Oh dear! Why do the contestants on the receiving end of her sharp tongue not remind her of this? Not to mention her obvious face lifts. .
first off, i m amazed to see that this film has got a rating of 7 on this site. at first i thought it might be industry people logging in to IMDb and jacking up the rating. but after looking on rotten tomatoes and seeing that this film has something like a 76 approval rating, it seems that maybe folks have just been duped again into mistaking pretentious crap for profundity. i mean, this film is simply awful. the acting is simply terrible, but the rest of the film is worse. at least the acting provides some unintentional laughs. .
Being half portuguese doesn t render me half blind nor half prejudiced when discussing portuguese films. Not that I get to do that very often anyway. But this film was such a rush of adrenaline! Yes, that s right it was mostly accurate as far as history went goes but it pulled no punches on venturing beyond usual portuguese film territory things like using real locations in the middle of traffic congested Lisbon and recruiting a real crowd to stand in for the real crowd of almost 30 years ago. And by God did they get it right! OK, .
By far the worst movie I ve ever seen. I actually enjoy watching bad movies. I can find ways to enjoys movies most people think are pure , but this movie is an all time low. As I said, it s the worst movie I ve ever seen, so far. I always hate it when I see people that say this about a movie, since with all the movies in the world, I find it hard to believe that so and so could be the worst movie ever made, but honestly, I promise you, believe me, for the love .
So I get that Asian American actors need richer roles than just kicking some guy in a martial arts movie, but please don t tell me that this is the alternative. All the characters are stereotypical, flat, and undeveloped to the point of caricature. You ve got the sixteen year old blonde, the cynical man who wants to rediscover himself, and the hot girl who provides the easy impetus to do it. Where is the heart in this movie? Where is the exploration of real issues? If Ken Leung was white, there is no question that most Asian Americans, .
I have seen Sunshine a few times and loved it each one of them. I wish the movie would be put out on video. I would certainly buy this one so I could view it often. Hopefully it will appear on TV again soon. It s a great movie .... maybe a little bit of a tear jerker, but good.
Engaging characters, nice animation, dynamite songs...all this and cute kitties, too. There s a lot of excellent humor, but no real menace, so don t worry about your little ones. The two farm dogs steal the show, even though they only appear in two scenes. The artwork has a linear quality that may put off some people, but I find it charming.
The plot of Sally of the Sawdust is the usual melodramatic stuff an orphan, rags to riches but the film rises above most silents thanks to three people br br This is not, of course, D. W. Griffith s masterpiece, but it does showcase his film making savvy in full maturity. He uses all his innovations, which are techniques we take for granted now close ups, cross cutting, a mobile camera, and the ability to modify acting from theatrical exaggeration to cinematic subtlety. br br W. C. Fields also showcases his skills not his signature gruff delivery, but his .
I m am going to give this movie a ten, yes a ten.. Mike Myers is a genius and whether this movie was his best or worst it made me laugh and it was original. It was very silly and that s a good thing, I guess what helped is I saw him on Inside the Actors Studio and he explained his thoughts on how he put the movie together and was pretty open about the raw humor etc. in the film. It has a lot of raunchy humor and it s not so different then the Austin Power .
I m so offended by the awfulness of this movie that I don t even want to expend the energy necessary to tell you in detail how bad it was, such is my absolute hatred for this movie BUT, it is my duty as a movie lover and as a human being to do my best to prevent you from having to watch this complete dog turd. You will thank me and be pleased that you are not now doing what I am doing trying to think of a way to strike myself across the head in such a .
What a dire film. I cannot believe that I actually sat down and watched it. A very, very, very, very, very, VERY pathetic effort, with no redeeming features whatsoever. Hateeeeeeedddd ittttt! The so called racing sequences are laughably awful, and the plot was so bad, I ve forgotten it. Part of the film was made at the Spa Francorchamps course in Belgium in, I think, 1988, during the actual Grand Prix there. I was there and am glad I didn t appear in any of the paddock scenes shown in the film. It could have been good...what a pity.
I really like Miikes movies about Yakuza, this one I saw about 2 years ago and it really fu ed my head. Never before seen such a sick and twisted thing. The Story is good and the actors do their thing very well. I haven t seen the UK or Japan version, but I have to say that I believe that the German DVD is a bit censored. If you haven t seen the movie already and live in Germany maybe you better look out for a DVD from the Nederlands or Austria. The I ON DVD contains a lot of very hard and nasty scenes, but at the showdown I felt that something was missing, about one or two very short scenes. All in all a good perverted movie with crazy characters and a high level of violence, that s what I like Miike for!!
This film had a couple of funny parts,but for the most part, made me want to go ahead and change DVD S and watch Malibu s instead,which I had in my own collection. At least I would know there was something funny coming up and give me something to look forward to. br br I was disappointed in this very low budget film. And I do not judge a movie by it s budget.It just lacked originality and was too predictable. I would not rent or even watch this film again, and I am usually a repeat offender of film. The actors were forgettable. The story was half thought out, and it left me with an insatiable urge to get my laugh on.I ended up watching Jamie Kennedy s White Boy Gone Gangsta to have the comedy itch scratched.
I suck at gratuitous Boob references, so i m just going to write a plainly flat no pun intended review. I love Elvira, not in a I m going to shoot the pres just to impress jodi foster fanatical way, But suffice to say I think she rocks. The movie is played like a 50 s horror film only alot more fun, look for the Leasurely stroking of the ankle reference to know what I mean. what relay shines through in the movie is Elvira s or should that be cassandras absolute charm. i first saw this movie at .
The story and music George Gershwin! are wonderful, as are Levant, Guetary, Foch, and, of course, Kelly. One thing s missing, and that thing is a good leading lady. I m sorry, Leslie Caron bothers me. Anyway, despite her, the plot moves along nicely with the famous and deservedly so Ballet. Oh the colours, the dazzling reds, blues, greens, and yellows. Musn t forget the beiges as well. I just adore the contrast between the Beaux Arts Ball completely black and white costumes and the ever so brilliant Ballet. So I suppose what I m trying to say is this Please, by all means see it, and enjoy it, because though it isn t the best, it is MARVELOUS. But be sure not to forget that other Gene Kelly musical with the 20 year old girl that was catapulted to stardom just afterward.
Just got around to seeing Monster Man yesterday. It had been a long wait and after lots of anticipation and build up, I m glad to say that it came through and met my expectations on every level. True, you really can t expect too much from hearing the plot rundown, but after reading some of the reviews for it, I was ecstatic. I mean, what trash fan wouldn t want to see a gore flick about a deranged inbred hick mowing people down with his make shift monster truck? I went in expecting a cross between Road Trip .
THE SHEPHERD OF THE HILLS was made into a silent film in 1919. Harold Bell Wright, the author of the story, was a popular novelist of the day, and a number of his stories were turned into films. He usually concentrated on stories regarding people who lived in mountainous regions one hesitates to call them hillbillies as they are usually shown to be non stereotypes . As was mentioned in another of the comments here, Wright also wrote the story that was the basis for the Henry Fonda Fred MacMurray film THE TRAIL OF THE LONESOME PINE. John Wayne .
I was asked to watch this, and just for kicks I watched it. I originally was not expecting much from this movie, but I really got a lot more than I originally had planned for. Johnny Yune is honestly one of the most underrated comedians I have ever seen. Most people may not find it funny, but his style of humor is very funny in this one. Something about the way his character says stuff, just makes for huge laughs. There is no reason to take this movie seriously, because it is just a straight up comedy with a .
Wild Rebels is fun in a bad way, but also frustrating due to the actual good, or at least workable, elements in the story. It deals with a race car driver Steve Alaimo who gets mixed up in a group of bikers called Satan s Angels, who hang around a lot until they decide to rob a bank. Meanwhile Alaimo also gets recruited by the cops to report back to them what the Angels are up to and where they ll rob next. It s not even that the film is really too dated , though it does of course carry the significantly crude and stupid music in the film from the band on stage in one scene, to Alaimo performing if you could call that drek that, to the regular generic score .
Basic slasher movie premise, 3 young ladies wreck their car and end up staying with a creepy family. YAWN. Watching 36 minutes of a premonition of OJ s car chase with a white sedan instead of a bronco. YAWN. Old lady with hot and cold dementia controlling her daughter... YAWN 23 minutes of watching the actors eat YAWN Trying to identify what the heck they are eating ... OK there might be a drinking game here ... nope YAWN Complimentary shower scenes ... OK got my interest for a couple of seconds. Completely random and uninspired killings ... YAWN .
I have looked into the eye of this island, and what I saw was beautiful, proclaims one of the main characters in ABC s award winning television show Lost . The series could be summarized as a drama story about a group of plane crash survivors stranded on an unknown island, but that would be doing the show a disservice. Lost follows a large group of characters who come into conflict with the island, each other, and ultimately themselves as they struggle with their new way of life and their dependency on each other. The situation becomes more complicated .
I ve read some complaints about the graphic nature of the brutality of this film even to the point of alleging gratuitous liberty with the subject . But it works there is no way to sugarcoat what happened to the well lesser known victims in the horrific physical, emotional, spiritual environment of the gaschambers crematoriums of a concentration camp. The film is blunt in its no holds barred approach, despite of the ending s attempt at a poetic touch, effective in getting holding your attention. Those associated with the film are to be credited lauded for making the story .
I think this still is the best routine. There are some others, like Rock s bring the pain , and Allen s Men are Pigs that are hilarious Damon Waynes last stand is also funny in a tearful way but this routine has no errors. All the jokes are funny, and the time limit of 70 minutes is perfect. Just long enough to last 20 years. I just love how he allows the audience to be totally themselves and unrestricted. I m a fan of the classics and for a guy who watched a lot of of Jim Carrey growing up, watching a more laid back comic is pretty cool. Not putting in a category with Ellen and Newhart, but something you can watch if you re bloated. Thanks Eddie, god bless.
Just saw this film a couple of hours ago and thought I d write a review while it was still fresh in my Mind. In summary I really enjoyed this film, wasn t a classic but was a good evening out. 7 10 Plot Not very original. As other people have commented, this film has a Porridge feel about it. Certainly not as funny though. Acting On the whole pretty good. Having seen him in a few things now, I would not call James Nesbitt a charactor actor. However his cheeky charms were right for this role, Olivia Williams was average but passable, nice to see her in an British flick after her roles in Rushmore and The 6th Sense .
After box office hit Jalla!Jalla!, Josef Fares comes with another comedy, which is a total gas. It s about some policemen in small town Sweden who, crime being absent, spend most of their time, and they ve got a lot of it, eating hot dogs at the local snack bar. Their biggest problem is a cow occasionally running in the street. Suddenly, they find out the police station is gonna shut down since there are no criminals around. At this point, the four protagonists including Jalla veterans Fares Fares and Torkel Peterson decide to raise the statistic . The .
I m racking my brain, but I can t seem to think of another movie quite like The Valley of the Gwangi. A Western with dinosaurs? What could be more natural? You gotta wonder why John Ford and or John Wayne never tried it! br br The plot While searching for a mythical miniature horse for her circus, TJ Breckenridge Gila Golan , Tuck Kirby James Franciscus , and the rest of the cast characters enter a strange, lost valley. There they find not only the miniature horse, but some other, more fearsome creatures as well. Dinosaurs rule this .
other s have very nicely described what this movie is about, so I ll keep it simple. This movie got me hooked into watching other great korean movies like chin goo friend , my sassy girl....etc. it s was very funny and entertaining to me, who wasn t too exposed to korean cinema.
Nurse Betty is the kind of movie you can t describe on a poster or in a trailer or commericial. It s the kind of movie that you walk in to expecting a more mature Dumb and Dumber what with temporarily insane waitress goes on a cross country adventure while avoiding crooks trying to kill her. br br The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams. The best part about Nurse Betty is it s unpredictability. Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.
When I first saw the preview for Hide and Seek, i thought that it was just another creepy kid movie. but after going to see it with a clear mind, i was pleasantly surprised. The movie was well crafted and suspenseful with incredible performances from the cast. Dakota Fanning played a scarred young girl who develops a dangerous imaginary friend named Charlie. Her father Dinero moves with her to a remote place out of the city for a new start after his wife s suicide. I loved the first hour of this movie. The characters showed true depth and .
Interesting premise, but poor ending. Dean Stockwell explains to the family that the aliens can easily track them whenever they use a credit card, etc. The aliens find the family several times. Near the end, after the battle with the aliens at Stockwell s home, the family and Stockwell leave in Stockwell s car. Part way down the driveway, Stockwell passes the father a couple grenades and tells him to blow up the alien s cars, which the father does. The aliens can be clearly seen still standing around, alive and well, yet for some strange reason the family .
Everything a great documentary could be ?? Yeah, if one is deaf, dumb, and blind. Everything but meaning, wit, visual style, and interesting subject matter. Aside from that. . . Seriously, volken. This is a movie that is completely inauthentic. An adventure doc with no adventure, a war doc with no feeling for war, a campy send up with no trace of wit. It means nothing, feels like nothing, and carries the implicit message that absolutely nothing matters. No wonder it has so many IMDb fans! Of course, going in you know a movie starring the great Skip Lipman .
In Out is a comedy with a simple premise. It admirably succeeds in the mission of being funny and entertaining. br br The comedy in this film ranges from the ridiculous to the sublime, physical comedy exists alongside dry humor, with a nice veteran turn by Bob Newhart. Kevin Kline is predictably in excellent form in this film, alongside Tom Selleck not playing to his expected square jawed leading man type. Mr. Selleck plays his humor well and displays a nice sense of comedic timing. The cast makes this film successful. br br Not all films with homosexual themes .
This movie is a typical teens get into trouble on the road story. While going off to Vegas to celebrate graduation, 6 teens in an Escalade take a short cut and exchange road rage with the disfigured father of a reclusive family named Mayhew living way off the beaten path. In typical teen fashion they make some really bad decisions and wind up unknowingly invading the home of the Mayhew s where they run from the clan and try and find a way back to reality. During their ordeal some of them are killed in semi goriness. With a title like The Butcher, it could have been a lot worse. The editing, continuity, and other technical aspects were pretty good. The end holds a few twists that were not totally unexpected.
The basic premise of Miami Golem most definitely deserves a spot in the top, say, fifty of most demented cinematic plots ever scripted down! I know top 50 doesn t sound too impressive, but I ve seen a lot of really weird films with lunatic plots. I was prepared from something convoluted, because the film was directed and co written by Alberto De Martino, who was one of Italy s most ambitious and creative but sadly underrated film makers. De Martino steals multiple ideas from successful blockbusters, like most Italian directors did around that time, but he always adds a lot of stuff to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all of De Martino s films are worthwhile, but some of them are extremely underrated, like A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta , Holocaust 2000 and Formula for a Murder .
The story overall, though quite graphic, is actually decent and reasonably interesting to readers. However, the movie was absolutely dreadful. The story was good, but the acting was terrible. I was crying the whole time because i knew i could never get my spent time back. Don t see this movie. If you do, bring a pistol with a bullet in it, and a few bullets if you re going with friends. I feel sorry for everybody who had anything to do with this film. I also feel sorry for everybody who had to watch the film. Avoid this film at all costs, and if your mother forces you to watch, kill her. Hahahahaha! See! I m a psycho now!!!! IKWTCBS turned me into a psycho!!!!
I see many being enthusiastic about the series.. Unfortunately I have another opinion.. The idea is good and I have nice memories from the 80s when I saw some parts of it. Now when watching it with the kids I feel cheated by my own memories.. The very first part is promising. There is a sense of getting the big picture in an entertaining way. Blend of details and jokes and overview is quite balanced. But the further one goes the stack of DVDs and episodes the more frustrated one starts to feel. The history part gets often obscured .
This movie is made up of random scenes with random characters. Very little linkage is made between the scenes or characters. So a lot of what is presented is absurd, meaningless or boring. I guess if one saw it over and over, and if one had an overactive imagination, one could create for oneself a story line. Of course, that would be your story line, not the writer s or director s, because they didn t have a story line or any conception of what this movie is or is supposed to say. No scene or character is developed .
The Fanglys is set in a small Texan town called Layton on the eve of Halloween as the townspeople treat it like the second coming of Christ or something, I mean Halloween isn t that important is it? Anyway, Sheriff Pete Burton Gilliam has been called out to yet another murder as local boy Ned co associate producer John William Galt has discovered a body in the local woods. Could it be the Fang Lady Justin Hamilton ? The central character involved in a local legend about a witch who kills teenagers, who knows? Being the fun sort of .
American war movie fans might be bored out of their skulls by this movie, but that boredom is born of ignorance. Guerrilla suppression operations are always like that. Sit around and wait, get some hookers, get drunk at the base, wheel and deal with the businessman, kick a prisoner around, cover up the killing of the street merchant by the green private. Then, boom, there goes two fuel trucks, and for 10 minutes a small arms battle with one high caliber machine gun. Then wait for brass to plan a way to knock out their stronghold, and then end .
A female vampire kills young women and paints with their blood. She has an assistant who doesn t want to be a vampire, so he has to do what she orders or be turned into a blood sucker. After a few kills, the assistant gets remorse and falls in love with a homeless girl. What can I say about this movie ? That its pacing is over slow, that it has some strange sound effects never a bite sounded so strange and ambiance new jazz here I come and that lights don t seem to be included on the .
Awfully familiar thriller stuff that takes longer to play out than it should and ends with a particularly overdone, overextended climax. The performances are generally good and there are a few bits of imaginative camerawork, but the familiarity of the material proves to be overwhelming. The film has no personality, and most of the scenes seem to be just copies of similar events in other thrillers. 1 2
Spaced Invaders is one of the funniest movies, I ve ever seen. I don t understand, why this movie didn t get better critics, it s funny, harmless and sweet. I first watched it, when I was 11, and I really fell in love with it... 2 days later, I got it on VHS P Till today, I ve shown it to many friends, and they all liked it, but nobody knew the movie before. I think, that s the problem, nearly nobody knows it, so nearly nobody can like it... This movie never got a real chance, that s sad, SI has really the potential of a comedy like Monsters Inc. or Spaceballs .
Breaking Dawn starts in a Californian college as Professor Simon associate producer Joe Morton tells his students that they have to perform an intensive six week study of a mental patient in Cape State Hospital as a crucial part of their education, fail they will never become qualified Doctors. A bright, young, attractive intelligent student named Eve Kelly Overton is given a particularly difficult patient to study. His name is Don Wake James Haven is a convicted killer, he was found covered in blood besides the dead body of a woman Diane Verona her young daughter Jenette McCurdy . .
Seed is torture porn...no doubt about it. But, strangely, Uwe Boll has written, produced, and directed a more polished film than any other he has made in recent memory. Every time I watch a Boll film, I feel that some pages of the script must have gone missing. There are simply huge gaps in the story and dialogue. Of course, nothing makes much sense, either. The films are somewhat surreal in this respect. SPOILERS Why do the six cops who go to arrest Seed split up and go their separate ways when they get to the darkened residence, unlike .
This was included on the disk Shorts Volume 2 a rather dull collection of short films. Shorts are among my favorite style of films but somehow the people assembling this second collection had a hard time finding quality content and it wasn t nearly as good as the first volume or other shorts collections. br br This short film feels like it s woefully incomplete. There is a story, but so much in unanswered that the viewer, like me, feels a bit left out and unfulfilled. br br The film begins with a woman, her boyfriend and her Westie .
Kagome, a modern girl from Tokyo, accidentally finds a portal which leads her to the medieval Japan where she meets the half demon Inuyasha. She decides to help him find a magic crystal and fight the evil demon Naraku... Inuyasha is an anime I was 95 sure it wouldn t work, but it did. With it s virtuous mix of romance, comedy, action, adventure, fantasy and horror causing some of it s episodes to be censored in some countries this is simply a great show that sucked me in. Although it s too long the only major flaw, since .
Mildly depressed,cynical and burned out author of mysteries Sarah Morton Charlotte Rampling,seamless if unlikable here is advised by her literary agent and lover John Charles Dance to spend some away time at his ch teau in the south of France. She takes him up on it,moves in and proceeds to right away fall in love with the breathtaking scenery,the sunny,warm,quiet atmosphere of the area contrasted by the gray,noisy and perceivably cold dank of London,shown at the beginning . Things seem nice and copascetic until John s daughter Julia Ludvignie Sagnier,stunningly beautiful and vibrant shows up,partying until the we hours .
I know I m going against the grain here, because most of the comments have been favourable, but this movie is about as plausible as the Tooth Fairy. I knew from reading the premise that the movie would be predictable, but it was worse than that. OK, I have to admit, I missed the first ten minutes of the program. I came in where the two detectives, OK, one detective and a Maytag repair man returned to the apartment of Cheryl Draper, and told her they found nothing. I don t buy it. Police detectives are by their nature .
What could ever happen in a dull Texan town in summer? Well, a bunch of teenagers find out a few things can and do happen. br br It turns out the Mexican werewolf of this story is nothing less than el chupacabra, and the movie, unlike the name would suggest, is not a remake or lookalike of the American Werewolf movies, but something completely different. br br Overall, for an obviously low budget movie, it s not bad! Some clever camera work, quite decent looking traditional creature and gore effects, and for once not all knowing people that can .
Man, this movies sucked. It appeared to have like seven different plots going on at once and they all made little to no sense. The special effects, costumes, and all that stuff were beyond awful. The acting was particullary bad. Everything seemed so forced, especially the lines from the woman with the huge eyes and the little kid his Noooooo as he gets burried is so unenthusiastic it s laughable . A good portion of this movie is rather funny anyway. The one woman s death where she shoves a knife into a toaster, gets electrocuted, and magically turns into the crapiest skeleton dummy in the world had my friends and I laughing for a good ten minutes. br br Bottom line If you re into watching really horrible movies, seek this one out. If not, run for your life.
This show is the worst show ever! Norris and his family write it, produce it, direct it, etc etc. The only reason I ever see it is because my goofy wife likes it. How many times can Norris fly though the air from plain sight to land a kick on an obviously blind villain? No trees, no building, just whoosh.....thin air. He ALWAYS solves the case or is the best at whatever skill there is. No co star ever gets the glory. Its all Norris. Its truly apparent that Norris is awful stuck on himself and will not allow anyone to one up him in any scene no matter what the content. Terrible acting, terrible script, terrible series.
Having just finished Cronicles of the Heroic Knight mere minutes ago I find myself extremely please but questions still loom over me. While it would appear that the first 7 episodes or so are actually a retelling of the events of the first Record of Lodoss War the truth is that they really aren t. It would appear that the creator of CotHK had a different vision as to how the original ended and that may be the reason that the first 7 episodes occur but I do not find that to be the case. CotHK does say it .
LOVE ME OR LEAVE ME was MGM s lush and richly entertaining biography of 1920 s torch singer Ruth Etting. Though not big on the facts, it is a wonderfully compelling drama with music chronicling the rise of the troubled young torch singer, who, according to this film s screenplay, had a trouble getting her career going until she met a gangster named Jimmy The Gimp Snyder James Cagney , whose dangerous exterior melted in Etting s presence escalating to his Svengali like grip on her career and her personal life. Etting tries to retain her independence until it .
An excellent, contemporary, chilling look into the clash between art and Hollywood, soul and the devil, love and internet sex. A truly adult movie created with sharp writing and intelligent characters. This is exactly the kind of movie I want to see. These characters are struggling in today s world with today s challenges. Discussion of many serious themes art, mainstream, selling out. Phenomenal acting from Patricia Clarkson and Campbell Scott. The cinematography is very interesting. Deeply, pleasurably, joyously disturbing. Don t miss.
This silent 1927 masterpiece is truly brilliant. To me it embodies everything that cinema is meant to be it s visual art in motion, literature with pictures, history with emotion all those and much more. It really is at the peak of film making. I say that, but that is not to say it is a perfect film. Just that the intention in creating this bleak and powerful look at poverty in early 20th century Russia is absolutely spot on It wants to tell a tale, create an image, and to breathe life into history. The intention is not .
The movie is a riot hilariously funny yet graphically violent. Just when you think you can t take any more it gives you more. Great thiller. The cast is excellent and the plot is very convincing. The past does indeed catch up with our hero, but right ? prevails.
How this has not become a cult film I do not know. I think it has been sadly overlooked as a truly ingenious comedy! Runaway Car attempts to pass itself off as a fast paced thriller, but taking the quality of acting good God it s bad , the storyline, the practicalities of the car s demonic possession and the baby evacuation scene into account there is nothing you can really do but laugh. And laugh you will. Films are made to entertain us, and the degree to which they do this can be an indication of a film .
I must be that one guy in America that didn t like this movie. I guess this just wasn t my style or something, I just don t see what s so fascinating about it, this was barely entertaining, let alone one of the greatest achievements in cinema history. It s about a guy that came from nothing, and goes on to become a drug lord. Pretty simple way to describe an entire movie, and that s exactly my feeling about the entire movie. Contrary to what a lot of people think, just because a movie is about mafias drug trade criminal groups doesn t automatically make it a great movie, don t forget good storytelling.
This is one of the greatest love story movies I have ever seen. Yes, I can agree that some parts may seem dated, but this does not distract from the film. One should try to observe, criticize and enjoy any art form from the perspective of the time. Clearly by the Sex in the City standards, Charlie Chaplin was horribly boring. However, when judged from the prospective of 1925 America, he was fantastic. Likewise Sayonara is a breakthrough film in its look into a mixed race love affair, American manifest destiny arrogance and prejudice, and the complexity of different .
the most catastrophic result in Christie s TV movie story! Dr Sheppard, the world famous ambiguous narrator of the story, doesn t narrate anything at all, and he do not collaborate in any way with poirot .His role is completely sucked by Inspector japp, and so the highly celebrated Agatha Christie s final twist is deprived of any sense.The tender relationship among Dr Sheppard and his sister,the psychological key of the novel, is substituted by a silly shooting in a chemical factory, as in a Batman film but of course without special effects and by the absurd murder of the butler.Certainly the worst screenplay in a series duly highly praised for the excellent Suchet, but not certainly for the uneven quality of the screenwriters,throwing usually in their scripts Labour party marches or speed water records with no sense or relations with the story they must to adapt.
THE MATADOR is hit man movie lite....if you can say that about a hit man movie. The violence is never really shown but often introduced. At first I was scared I was in for another retread of mid 90s gangster hit man hipster dark comedy BUT was happily surprised when I realized this is just a sweet and humorous story about friendship. Nothing terribly exciting happens in this film but every bit of it is kept me grinning. The three leads have the best chemistry the big screen has offered in recent years and it looks like they had .
This is about a girl who takes a job as a forest ranger up in some remote area. She spends the whole first half of the movie wallowing in a pool of alcohol and self pity because she caused the death of her best friend in a drunk driving accident. We don t know originally that she caused the accident, but it s a big revelation when it s finally discovered. Like we didn t see that coming. If you like watching a girl walk around in drunken anguish feeling sorry for herself for what seems like endless hours, .
Unfortunately, the DVD case doesn t warn you of the terrible quality of both the acting and the filming of this movie. For over 50 percent of the movie, you cannot even see the actors. Apparently the filmmakers have never learned about lighting. They are in an unlit house at midnight, but you can t even tell where in the shot they are. Which is probably for the best, because the acting is so terrible that you re better off not seeing them. The story line isn t exactly great either. Haunted House isn t even one of those terrible movies that you rent and laugh at because it sucks so badly. Its one of those movies where you genuinely feel cheated out of 5 bucks.
It was gruesome and full of strange oddities. The basic plot of a man force feeding women to death is the basic key of desire to want to watch this movie. Well, besides the crime investigator, and the hardcore sex, thats basically what you see in this movie. A woman being fattened up until she s so morbidly obese that she cannot live on her own, and is basically bet on for how huge she can get and how long she will stay alive as an extremely fat woman. It was enough to send chills down my spine, watching 9 10th s of this movie. If you wanted to watch something that scars you for a while, then in that case I deeply suggest you stay out of watching this movie!Evren Buyruk
The ship may have sunk but the movie didn t!!! Director, James Cameron, from The Terminator did it again with this amazing picture. One of my favorite scenes is The Dinner table scene, in which Rose s family and friends meet Jack after he saves her. Rose has a look on her face that every woman should have when you meet THE ONE ...I hope I have that look when I am in the room with my future husband. Jack and Rose have a connection that is MOVIE STUFF but it s good movie stuff. We have the greedy .
I am a very late comer to Bernie Mac TV show. I know I have passed it by on many occasions and written it off at first glance as just one more lame formula sitcom. But owing to the fact that it is in reruns at the very time I go to bed and am ready to watch TV at the end of the day, I finally sat through an episode. And I have been a huge fan ever since. You know, it really isn t like anything else I ve seen. The only possible comparison I can make .
This is about a group of underground tunnel workers in NY who come across some molten lava while digging a new sewer. There s also a mad scientist who s conducting experiments in geo thermal power which involves digging deep into the earth and using the heat to power a generator or something. That s what causes the volcano to start erupting. The woman who comes to investigate for the government just happens to be the ex wife of the tunnel digger, and of course we run through the usual clich of them disliking each other and then getting .
While credited as a Tom and Jerry cartoon, this is not the cat and mouse team but an earlier Mutt and Jeff rip off featuring them going to Africa and disguising themselves in the stereotypical burnt cork makeup to try to blend in. While the dialect humor is mostly lame, there is a brief musical sequence involving black skeletons that was entertaining. I have to ask however, how could Tom and Jerry still have their makeup stay on even after being dumped in the water a couple of times? One of many entries produced by the Van Beuren Corporation for distribution by RKO Radio Pictures before RKO made a deal with Disney. Only worth seeing if you re an animation buff or is interested in how certain ethnicities were stereotyped as entertainment way back when.
I saw this in the theater when it was released getting truly rave reviews in New York newspapers and was baffled by this extra slow version of La Ronde or of one of Woody Allen s many comic movies but with two quite physically unattractive lead characters . I put my lack of enthusiastic response down to my ignorance of Heidegger s philosophy, of the particular Pirandello play they used throughout, and of most of Goldoni. I d merely known of Heidegger s sympathy for the Nazis, read Six Characters in Search of an Author, and seen Mistress of the Inn with the marvelous Tovah Feldshuh .
Kalifornia is the story of a writer and his girlfriend photographer who are looking for someone to help pay gas money and take turns at the wheel for a cross country road trip to famous murder sights. Ironically a serial killer and his girlfriend answer the post. Kalifornia is a diamond in the rough and a very intriguing journey with a serial killer. Great performances all around by the leads with Pitt in particular being exceptional. Check it out!!
Making a horror comedy that simultaneously is funny AND suspenseful is pretty much the hardest thing to accomplish in cinema. Only the truly great directors like, say, Sam Raimi The Evil Dead can pull this off, so don t expect a new guy in the business to succeed. Fortunately for writer director producer Tony Shyu, he isn t overly pretentious and does never at one point attempt to make his film look like a genuine horror production. He merely puts the emphasis on the comedy factors, and although not always equally successful, at least he manages to keep Tequila .
I just saw this film yesterday. My girlfriend wanted to see it only because of Richard Gere. I feel I wasted my time and money and told my girlfriend it s the last time we go to see a film just because a certain actor actress is in it. I hope she learned the lesson because I had trouble keeping her in her seat. As of me, since I paid already, I wanted to see the end at least, just in the hope something good would turn up, but I didn t hold my breath, and luckily so cause .
This film is the most traumatising and painful horror film I have ever seen in my life. To know that this film is based on a true story and watching Jeffrey Dahmer Carl Crew brutally murder his victims is enough to bring a tear to my eye. I admit this was a low budget film with not the best dialogue, however it explained why Jeffrey Dahmer was a Psycotic maniac. As he was so selfishly inwardly emotional his emotions and selfishness went so far deep into his brain that it resulted into him becoming a murderer. Every person that .
Hilarious film, I had a great time watching it. The star Cuneyt Arkin, sometimes credited as Steve Arkin is a popular actor from Turkey. He has played in lots of tough guy roles, epic sword films, and romances. It was fun to see him with an international cast and some real lousy looking pair of gloves. If I remember it was also dubbed in English which made things even more funnier. kinda like seeing John Wayne speak Turkish .
I could never understand it, what went wrong? What did Batman TAS and Justice League unlimited both have in common? A respective display of teamwork, good dialogue and visual display of characters that made the show look it was aiming to reach more than just children. Both of the two shows excelled in art and a respectable script. The legion of super heroes is a blatant attempt to cash in on the teen Titans. And I only liked that show because at the start of the season its episodes were telling but it went downhill, all too willing to .
Barbra Streisand and George Segal combine there comedic talents to make one of the finest comedies of all time. This film is a combination of good acting, good directing, and is an all around good movie. It is very much Simonesque to invent a term in its aptitude and subtle comedy. The way to tell a superb comedy, is if after the the film, you are left with a feeling of nostalgia. This is definitely one of those films.
Honestly, by the time the cult members were drinking poisoned kool aid, I was mixing up a batch of my own to put myself out of my freaking misery. Honestly, what were they thinking? Mulder discovering a past life where he was a Jewish woman during the Holocaust?!?! Seriously!! Oh, and he finds his soul mate from multiple past lives, never to be heard from again. And am I really supposed to believe that people get to choose with whom they return, and Cancer Man follows Mulder across the ages to torture him. Really? He can t find someone .
I jotted down a few notes here on THE FIRST POWER, Lou Lambada Diamond Phillips 1990 satanic serial killer yuppie hell fest ... 1 Lou Diamond Phillips was recently indicted for beating up his wife and may serve time in prison. I only hope that he can find Armani prison wear to go off in style with One of the guilty pleasures of this movie is seeing his police detective clad in 4500 designer overcoats, a 7300 designer silk suit, and seeing his 3500 month Los Angeles bachelor pad loft with interior design by Mies Van Der Roeh. 2 .
This isn t another searing look at the Holocaust but rather an intimate story about the events that took place on a small street in Berlin and some of the people that were involved. This film starts in the present time in New York City where Ruth Weinstein Jutta Lampe is in mourning over the death of her husband and family members have all gathered to her side. Ruth s daughter Hannah Maria Schrader slowly learns that her mother was raised by an Aryan woman named Lena Fischer Doris Schade and so she travels to Germany and locates the .
Superficically, Brigadoon is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind An American in Paris , are reunited with a lot of the great craftsmen and women behind their previous collaborations. Gene s leading lady is Cyd Charisse, one of the best dancers of 40s 50s cinema, and unlike the generally superior It s Always Fair Weather this film gave them the chance for not only one but two dances. Lerner and Loewe were the rising team behind such future hits as My Fair Lady and Minnelli s musical masterpiece Gigi Lerner and Minnelli .
Kim Basinger stars as Della, a housewife who has twin children Terri and Tammi played by Luke Gair and Erika Shaye Gair and an abusive jerk for a husband Kenneth , played by Craig Sheffer. The movie opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is on his way home from work, driving a nice car too I might add. He is on his cellphone arguing with a business partner I would assume. When he gets home, he sees that the floor is a mess with shoes and toys spread all about. This angers him even more and he takes up with .
I do agree that The General should have been on the top 100 list. Buster Keaton is the icon of the successful comedy writer director actors in the 1920 s. It just so happens that The General is a history lesson as well, and scholars at the time felt that this movie was about as authentic looking as a Matthew Brady photograph of the Civil War. It contains the most expensive stunt done up to that time the locomotive plunging into the river not a model . The movie was a labor of love from Keaton and crew and deserves to find a place in movie history long after other silents of the era have disintegrated. After viewing this movie, go on to Our Relations and the other fine and perhaps funnier movies that Keaton made, and discover the two reelers, especially Cops .
It is sadly appropriate that in his final movie Valentino plays a stronger and more nuanced version of his signature character Sheik Ahmed, the impassioned lover who is initially impetuous, self centred and brutal, but who gradually matures into an admirable man. In this case, the male lead is actually the son of the original sheik, but Valentino also plays, just as engagingly, the father who is now middle aged, wiser this is essentially the adviser role Adolphe Menjou had in the original movie but still commanding and able to wield a sword. As wasn t the case with .
Fascinating story but except for F.Murray Abraham this movie had some of the worst acting I have ever seen. I have seen children in school plays put on more believable performances than Amber O Shea and James Michael Gregary. With the lacking script and C movie performance I thought at first it might be a porno film it took me 3 days to watch. I was so intrigued with the story line I wanted to see the ending but again because of the scrip and acting I could only watch it in small doses. I m hoping someone will take this wonderful tale and make a real movie about it. Probably watchable if you have allot of paperwork or crafts or something to take your mind off the performers and their flat delivery of poor lines.
This crock of doodoo won a award? They must have been desperate for giving out an award for something. This movie reeks of teeny bopper stuff and it made me sick. Thankfully I watched it alongside MST3K s Mike and the bots so it made it bearable. Horrid acting, unsettling mother daughter moment, silly premise, if you want a bad movie here it is. Be warned though watch it with Mike and the bots or you will suffer. br br 1 out of 10. I still can t believe it won an award, and the director is defending this piece of movie!
Eager electronics whiz Brian Foster a likable performance by Wesley Eure of TV s Land of the Lost creates a computerized watchdog called C.H.O.M.P.S. an acronym for Canine Home Protection System for his boss Mr. Ralph Norton nicely played by Conrad Baain , whose home security business is floundering. A rival company hires a pair of inept criminals to get their grubby hands on C.H.O.M.P.S. said task proves to be easier said than done. Director Don Chaffey relates the endearingly dopey story at a constant brisk pace, maintains an amiably silly and lighthearted tone throughout, and stages the goofy .
Have watched this film many times and enjoy it just as much as the first time,a mark of a good film.Joe Orton certainly had a strange sense of humour very evident in this black comedy.A must see if never seen.Perhaps immoral,so what the blazes its entertaining to say the least.Great performances from the cast.
I remember anticipating a really entertaining, fun movie after I read the VHS box describing the story and then read the list of actors in here. Wow, very impressive Anthony Hopkins, John Cuscak, Matthew Broderick, Bridget Fonda, Dana Carvey, Colm Meaney, Michael Lerner, on and and on. Wrong. Bathroom humor or discussing bowel movements, etc., didn t bother me. In fact, I can laugh at that. What disappointed me about this film was that 1 it simply wasn t funny and 2 the acting mainly by Cusack was brutal 3 the story was not put together well just a .
Marty is typical guy who wants to spice up his boring married sex life. He gets the idea that he should get his wife together with another woman and he does this because he is self centered, of course. At first his wife does not want to be with another woman but soon enough she likes it. She likes being with another woman so much that she starts to reject Marty and his whole plan blows up in his face. I think Marty gets what he deserves and it s pretty funny. He gets more than he asks for and that is what makes the movie great. The whole scene with the sister is pretty funny as well. Wishes do come true and sometimes they come true a little too much.
Apparently you must give it at least 1 star. It is unwarranted. The film is a complete f ing waste of time. The film just seemed to be one appallingly long cigarette commercial. There is NO STORY. I kept waiting and nothing develops, luckily I have FF, can t imagine what it must have been like to have to sit in the cinema for this piece of dreck. None of characters even if they are not horrible people are remotely likable or appealing so I could not care less what happened to them. Chrissy died, so what? who cares. .
I mean...when I first saw this movie, I didn t wanna see it, there was nothing else on t.v., constantly zapped out of this prehistoric black white film, tennis on 2nd channel, rubbish on Tele 5, so I finally landed on this Ah est el Detalle again, it was just beginning...I had a laugh, then one more, laughs got into outbursts of uncontrollable laughter, decided to turn on de VCR and recorded it almost wholly, I had to see it three times to get it all in Mr. Mario Moreno talks so fast you have to listen twice .It s the only one I liked by Cantinflas but the best comic movie I ve ever seen in my life.
This movie was terrible. I was more than a little tempted to just get up and walk out early in the movie, when it just wasn t funny. I thought maybe it would pick up and really get going soon, it didn t. It tries to be a romantic comedy, and what little chemistry exists between the couple is ruined by Robin Williams trying to be funny while doing unfunny things. Instead he comes off as a creepy, sadistic voyeur with a phony veneer of humor and a minister having a prepubescent boy sidekick with him at apparently all times day and night is more than a little creepy in it s own right .
I had to watch this film because the plot was so outrageous and the film lived up to expectations. In fact it makes for quite uncomfortable viewing at times. Unlike other Meyer films, the sexual antics are down to a minimum. Some of the scenes of violence are unnecessarily gratuitous and offensive. The plot is chaotic and some of the acting and lines are dreadful. The film is a strange combination of sado masochistic fantasy combined with a window of the brutality and immorality of the slavery and fails on all counts. It s as though Meyer was trying .
where ever I go, I get a movie pass at the local video store and just start renting countless videos. Dude wheres the party was one of those movies that was released with no advertising and even the rental i got a hold of had no box, just a DVD with the name of the movie and I don t even think it had a photo or anything it was just a white label with the name. so I watched it, and it focuses on the FOB.. F.O.B Fresh off the boat aspect of the Indian crew.. basically you .
Antwone Fisher s story of childhood neglect and abuse is an inspiration to all among us who witnessed or even experienced the plight of foster children. Abandoned by a troubled mother, Antwone has never met his father. Growing up with church going abusers who use the n word not only to intimidate and hurt but also as a term of endearment, as a young man witnessing how his best friend is killed in a hold up, enduring racial slurs and being teased while serving in the Navy, Antwone s anger is slowly turned into positive power when counseled by .
magellan33 said You can only do so much when the two stars of the show can only be seen by one fellow cast member. I assume, then, that you never heard of Topper . Which, in addition to the two stars who could only be seen by one member of the cast, had a dog, ditto. This was the kind of program that had Not Gonna Make It written allover it from the first episode it was like an arcade video game where you actually have to read the instructions to play no one well, very few of us, apparently wants to watch a comedy program that has a basic premise that actually requires thought to grasp.
There are two ways you can look at this film. The first is simply as a drama film like any other, a well set piece for the epoch it unfolds in certainly the clothing and set accessories are all in their right place for the 70 s 80 s. The acting is quite impressive all around Jesse Eisenberg and Jason Ritter are the stars of the show, commanding very well built characters one a more introspective, unspoken kid and the other a more domineering, swagger carrying bad ass. Chris Marquette and Sebastian Stan are also worthy of note, as .
A family looking for some old roadside attractions to include in the father s coffee table book come across an ancient, decrepit old freak show run by an eccentric one eyed man. When their family van breaks down upon leaving the sideshow, they re forced to stay at a nearly abandoned fishing camp that was the site of a prison break decades prior. There have been many films in the freak subgenre of horror, ranging from Tod Browning s beloved Freaks 1932 to Alex Winter s hilarious Freaked 1993 . Those are both classics or soon to be with Freaked . Side Sho, however, never will be. And if it ever does reach classic status. . .
Set mostly in the back streets of Toronto NG is a dark , mysterious journey that takes the viewer into the minds of a young man and woman Vern and Sarah , each of whom has a fascination with riddles and a disastrous incident in their past . Fine dialogue and first rate casting propel this low key, noirish journey into the girl s search for the meaning behind the word puzzles that keep appearing in her life. Aided by her , anything but enthusiastic, male friend, the two of them reach the end of their quest , but with a price to be paid. The film never intends to answer all of its mysteries , but does an excellent job in the exposition of several plot twists
Happiness is when Mifune comes up from the basement... I did not expect much from Mifune. This past summer, I had gotten a chance to see Lars von Trier s Idioterne Dogme 2 in a theater. I loved it, while so many others hated it. Then I saw Festen Dogme 1 over Christmas. It was great. For completion, I searched out, with much pain, Dogme 3, Mifunes sidste sang , Mifune in America. Like I said, I expected nothing. The highest rating I ever saw it receive when it was in the theaters was 3 stars, average. Good not .
I gave this movies a 7 out of 10. I think the general dislike of this movie is due to people not really understanding the plot. If you think about the story line this movie actually makes perfect sense, it just doesn t ever give you a dumbed down explanation. Its true that the special effects are sub par and it appears semi low budget, but I think the originality of the plot keeps you drawn in. People say that the vampire genre is overdone and clich d out, But with Bled, what you get is not your conventional .
Possibly attempting to do for the world of finance what she d done to nuclear power in The China Syndrome 1979 , this Jane Fonda melodrama is a poor investment for any serious movie fan. The story is very hard to follow and poorly constructed with shallow characters. The story is not terribly easy to grasp for the average person in my opinion and not presented to the audience clearly enough nor well enough to garner much interest and or curiosity. Fonda appears bored, while still trying to appear smart and glamorous, in her role. Kris Kristofferson is simply .
Sure, the plot isn t Oldboy. It seems the only great movies these days are amazingly shocking or high budget hyped in some way. Spin Kick is a drama comedy about a group of people who decide to pour their hearts into tae kwon do. Regardless of what you expect from this film, you re guaranteed to feel moved by the work, pain, and expectations that the characters force themselves to experience. Though comedic at times, many moments and characters are rendered beautifully there s the old guard character who takes things too seriously, the hoodlum turned good guy .
I m not sure where to start with this. In short, it was a disappointing movie. Having taught the novella, I was aware that it would be a hard story to turn into a movie. The movie has a couple of interesting lines mainly between Alfred and Aschenbach but it doesn t represent the debate on art that basically shapes the novella. br br For one, I was expecting an older Aschenbach and a younger Tadzio. In the book, Tadzio is fourteen, but he is described as pure, ideal, innocent, whereas in the movie he reeks of sexuality and .
First the flaws 1 The Headmaster is too broad a character. When he mounts the podium at the beginning of the school year, the stern and set expression on his face sets him off as a hidebound traditionalist and curmudgeon. He is the obvious villain here. No free spirit like Mr. Keating will last long under him. 2 We viewers are not prepared for Neil s suicide. Through most of the movie he comes across as a well adjusted seventeen year old. He gets along well with the other boys. He is a natural leader. His penchant for acting .
The credits at the end read ALL directed by Shigeru Izumiya . That s a fitting way to phrase it because it seems like filmed material from several projects were thrown together somehow, barely even attempting to make it all form one consistent work. It more felt like one of those music clip things that are marketed as feature films to cash in on those video commercials, just that here we have the marketable music and the live performances missing, except for one scene, which may as well be marketed as a weird music video clip in Japan. Whatever. .
Joe D Amato might have made some other notable movies in his very long and very prolific career prolific, of course, by turns of making VERY cheap Z grade movies in Italy s big exploitation boom of the late 70s early 70s but Porno Holocaust isn t one of them, or at least shouldn t be. Granted, I should not expect much from a movie with such a title, but I thought considering the back of the box s description that it might have some fun horror scenes with the horny, mutant, cannibal zombie . Turns out the zombie .
I saw this version of Hamlet on television many years ago, and have seen every other version since, whether television or movie. However, this is the one that remains the truest depiction of the story for me. Most excellent Derek Jacobi made Hamlet real for me. Before I saw this version, Shakespeare was simply gibberish to me and I never tried to understand the Elizabethan English. Having seen Jacobi s Hamlet several times not only increased my knowledge of literature, but also that of my family. I promptly checked the play out of Library and read it, and poured .
Also known as Stairway to Heaven in the US. During WWII British Peter Carter s David Niven plane is shot down in combat but he survives. He meets and falls in love with lovely June Kim Hunter . But it seems a mistake was made in Heaven he should have died! A French spirit comes to get him but he refuses. He is soon to plead his case in front of a Heavenly Tribunal that he should be allowed to live. Sounds ridiculous but this is actually an incredible film. The script is good with the actors playing the .
Love this movie,just saw it at our Gay Lesbian Film Festival here in Wellington.Love the story and it is a movie that should go to general release.Music good,Story awesome and I really don t think people can get offended by the story line.It is just a great love story. I would have like to got more of the recipes,they were wonderful. Managed to get the DVD from England so will be playing every night.Soundtrack is wonderful as well,so will be keeping the eye out for that. Thank you for finally getting the film to the screen.Only took the director 5 years to get someone to fund it.unbelievable.Keep up the good work and looking for more. Chris
I would like to begin my review by saying that watching this movie will be like taking a hot fork and shoving it in your eye socket for some people, whereas for others it will be the funniest F n thing you ve ever seen. Before I get into the meat of the story or as I like to call it a double decker bologna sandwich Troll 2 has nothing to do with trolls just goblins , Troll 2 also has absolutely nothing to do with Troll 1. AHA but that s not all!!!! The guy who made the .
I give this a 10 out of 10, not because the plot was hard to uncover because it wasn t... but because it leaves one caring for the characters. The acting, by all the cast, is superb, especially Joan Hickson, and it s a marvellous episode because of it s heart. br br Miss Marple is called upon by Jason Rafiel s dying request to investigate, and solve, a murder that happened some seven or eight years previously, and she has to discover who, why and when as she goes along. Mr Rafiel is the same Rafiel as was .
William Powell plays both George Carey and Larry Wilson, and Myrna Loy is his wife Kay in this wonderful, deft, entertaining screwball comedy directed by Woody Van Dyke III.... Hey, this is kinda funny. We re not talking about you but a lug named Wilson, and you re both fellas. The words are those of Doc Ryan, George Carey s pal. George, you see, has had amnesia for nine years, and during that time he became Larry Wilson, a pompous businessman....Enter Larry s charming wife Kay. George learns that Kay is eager to divorce Larry because of his miserable, .
Deathstalker of 1983 was an incredibly crappy movie, but in its own way incredibly entertaining and fun to watch, simply due to its value as an unintentional comedy. The first sequel, Deathstalker II Duel Of The Titans of 1987 almost seems to be a spoof of its predecessor. As the first movie, Deathstalker 2 is again extremely crappy and therefore quite funny, but it seems that director Jim Wynorski as well as the actors and everybody else connected with this film were actually willing to do a movie as crappy as possible on purpose. While the Deathstalker was basically .
Two years after its initial release, Goldeneye still sits atop the field of first person shooters for the Nintendo 64. Even the Quake and Turok series have not had the combination of graphic detail, sound quality, enemy intelligence, challenge and overall fun that bring me back to this game over and over again. The missions each have specific objectives that force you to think as Bond, not just to shoot up every baddie that pops up on your screen, but also to avoid cameras, disable security systems, rescue hostages, protect the Bond girl, and so on. Q gadgets abound .
Apparently a lot of people think the revelation at the end of this film is worth the trip to get there. I am not one of them. Don t worry I won t be giving anything away. I don t think the comparison which has been made to Hitchcock is apt at all. Hitchcock normally puts you on a slow boil, then raises the temperature until by the end you re scorching and sticking to the bottom of the pot maybe I took that analogy too far . There is a lot to keep you busy in the typical .
Now i like Johnny Vegas which is a good start, I also enjoy toilet humour br br Such as Young Ones and Bottom etc. This however failed to bring even a br br small smile to my face. The story follows Johnny around after his wife br br chucks him out how he got his good looking wife and kid i dont know br br as he attempts to shag anything that moves. Failing normally. I was looking forward to this but found it to be totally boring and a waste br br of my time altogether. Unless you are stuck for something to do for 90 mins apart from wash the car then dont bother..... br br
This might be the worst film ever made, and is possibly worth seeing for that reason alone. Streisand is laughably unbelievable as a young woman posing as a man in order to study Judaism. The soundtrack is torturous, featuring Barbara belting out some of the weakest blather ever put to film. And don t even get me started on the plot. You will actually get more chuckles out of this film than many comedies because it is soooooooo terrible. The rampant ego of Streisand, thinking she could somehow raise this stinker to Oscar heights, led to this disaster. I .
In 1850 in Yorkshire, a boy chimney sweep is falsely accused of theft by his crooked master and runs away. He falls into a treacherous local river and is transported into an underwater realm, where he makes many friends and rescues the mythical Water Babies from an evil shark. br br Based on a book by Charles Kingsley, this is a lovely children s film, half live action and half animation, which is both a grim and evocative depiction of Victorian times and a terrifically enjoyable undersea adventure. It really is two films in one, which somehow complement each .
Leonard Maltin gave this film a dreaded BOMB rating in his 1995 Movie and Video Guide. What film was he looking at? Kid Vengeance or God s Gun are bombs. This film is a delight. It is fantastic. It is literate. It is well mounted. It is beautiful photographed, making a brilliant use of colors. Right from the opening scene the film grabs your attention and tips you off that this film is a well done satire of the whole Spaghetti Western genre. The film is played for laughs from the beginning to the end with homages to Douglas .
Stack should have received the Academy Award for this performance, period. Its a crime that he did not. Amazing how he humanizes a rich worthless character. Dorothy Malone did earn a well deserved Academy Award for her performance. In fact, all of the acting in this film is excellent. The plot begins with a taxi ride, then an airplane ride, then keeps moving on an emotional ride that will hold your interest throughout. You will be entertained! However, this is only a blatant soap opera. One dimensional, 100 percent soaper. You might call it the ultimate soaper, because the acting so thoroughly triumphs over the material. Excellently acted, well directed, but strictly within its soap genre. I wouldn t even call it a melodrama such as Mildred Pierce or Imitation of Life .
The main problem of the first Vampires movie is that none of the characters were sympathetic. Carpenter learned from his mistake and this time used a likable vampire hunter and a charismatic vampire. The female vampire Una certainly is the coolest vampire since Blade s Deacon Frost. Unfortunately while there are some good concepts like a cool slow motion restaurant scene why didn t Carpenter use more of this?? this movie is nowhere near as good as it could have been. I expected to see strong vampires in action and at least one longer lasting nicely choreographed fight sequence for example inside a city and was left somewhat disappointed. While Los Muertos proceeds at a faster pace than its predecessor, it still drags a little in some parts though nowhere near as bad as Vampires did .
I saw this one on TV on a weekend, when I was cleaning house and had the tube on, and it started, and I watched a few minutes of it, and I thought, OK, I want to see what happens to this wretch of a girl. I think she played the part brilliantly. Eddie really loves his girl. The thought that him and this girl are going to procreate... shudder but the little girl turns out really cute, sweet and unbelievably normal in the end...more on this later... I liked the way they went up to the restaurant when .
SPOILERS For some strange reason Oliver Stone s Talk Radio based on the Stephen Singular book Talked to Death and the films star Eric Bogosian s play, about the 1984 murder of Denver talk show host Alan Berg, has never gotten the recognition that it so rightfully deserved. The 1988 movie was prophetic enough to recognize the underground movement that was developing in the farm and hinterland of America. A movement that spawned, some seven years later, the likes of an angry and disgruntled Gulf War veteran Timothy McVeigh who s hatred for the US governments actions in Wacco .
The Puffy Chair was a supreme waste of 84 minutes of my life which cannot be retrieved and spent in a more worthwhile way even The Blair Witch Project was a better use of life s precious moments . It must be called The Puffy Chair because only puffy chairs could accommodate the extremely puffed up , self important brothers who drooled it out for public consumption and, obviously, they are SO full of themselves that they have assumed the public would actually want to consume their drool. The Puffy Chair made The Wooly Boys seem like a cinematic .
This movie was AWFUL. It was like a horrible combination of The Mummy and the Indiana Jones movies. I m not kidding when I say this is a stinker. Let s start from the beginning the opening dialog is apparently there to introduce us to the story of the movie. It s kind of like a prequel, a la What happened to bring us this far. Except that it s horrifically inaccurate and just plain wrong. They completely change Egyptian mythology, and even who Tut was and where he LIVED for the purposes of this movie. I honestly felt .
Really enjoyed this film. Well structured and pretty unique telling of a good thought provoking story. We tried to work out what was happening and must admit to failing miserably up until the last ten minutes. In its own way the film was actually pretty pacey and I think it worked better being only some 90 minutes long. It might have dragged a little being any longer. Thought all of the characters were good and added to the overall mood of the film. The story may well be not as original as we thought it was but it kept our interest with all the various twists. It relied upon the plot, script and acting to keep it going and all in all it worked very well. We saw it on a recommendation and would likewise recommend it to anyone.
Some people seem to think this was the worst movie they have ever seen, and I understand where they re coming from, but I really have seen worse. That being said, the movies that I can recall ie the ones I haven t blocked out that were worse than this, were so bad that they physically pained every sense that was involved with watching the movie. The movies that are worse than War Games 2 are the ones that make you want to gouge out your eyes, or stab sharp objects in your ears to keep yourself from having .
OK say some college in southern California has an movie making class. And some dudes were enrolled just to film girls, and they gave them a camera. And then they were drunk stoned or just to plain stupid to actually use a camera, and they turned this in for their grade. AND FAILED. br br That is my only explanation for this, this, thing. Good God they left the date and time counter on during some of it. The picture started in new scene way before the sound, and forget about a plot. Well apparently there was one and they had to tell you all about it once the 3 hour introduction sequence was finished. But I am glad they did because I never would have gotten it by watching this. br br STAY AWAY from this.
This movie was made in 1948, but it still rings true today. Very, very funny. It begins with a family wanting to buy a little place in the country and it builds from there. Anyone who has ever built a house, will find this movie very endearing. Great cast. Cary Grant and Myrna Lloyd are delightful in this film. This is a classic black and white film that reflects the grand style of the 40 s....clothing, architecture and family life. Many references are made to the cost of things, and those comparisons to today s costs are pretty amazing. I can t imagine anyone not enjoying this movie completely. I am surprised of the number of middle aged people who have never heard of it. A true classic.
I liked Mimi playing a woman somewhat down on her luck. She wants very much to better herself, but things don t go her way....until she writes her Christmas list. Even then she still has problems an overbearing boss, a fruitcake mother, a totally anal boyfriend, and a bitchy co worker. Then she falls in love. One of the better holiday films.
This documentary was neither professionally nor objectively made. The whole thing played out like a conspiracy theory by IBM to win the match in question just to make some money. Garry Kasparov has an ego problem. He was puffed up before the match and when he lost, he didn t like it. I remember playing chess against computers back in the 80s and it wasn t too difficult to win. As time went on, I started to lose and didn t like it. Today, I simply don t play against computers anymore because they re just too good. Not .
Michael Jackson would have claimed a spot for the top billed character in THE GOLDEN CHILD, and because he loves kids. That didn t work and why should it? , so instead we have Eddie Murphy out to save the world by rescuing Kid Midas . I would strongly suggest all future scriptwriters to please thoroughly study the actor s inane dialogue in this quirky fantasy adventure comedy that s a step closer to ISHTAR. Whatever Murphy says or does can be best liked, but don t get me wrong about his exquisite comical talent he doesn t belong .
This is a great show. I always somehow manage to laugh my bag off whenever it was on. It s from Matt Groening man! It s got to be hilarious. I may sound a little one sided here, but I find this show to be better than The Simpsons in some ways. While Simpsons humor is starting to dry up, Futurama manages to stay fresh and new. I just wish they would keep it on the air. Great show!
Does anyone happen to know where this film was shot? The aviation scene on the cliff is beautiful. It appears to be England. However, Ivy s apartment building certainly looks like the Brill Building, with its fascinating elevators. Charles Mendl is listed as playing Sir Charles Gage . Maybe I blinked, but I never saw him. Perhaps he was the husband s lawyer, but, again, I don t recall that character being in the film, other than being mentioned as having made a phone call. Perhaps he was in the aviation scene? Or the ballroom scene? Did anyone spot him? Herbert Marshall was 57 years old when he shot this film.
Although it is certainly dated today, The Black Cat was sublimely ahead of it s time in 1934. Conseqently, it was derided by critics and enjoyed only middling success considering the star power involved. Many people, including some in Universal Studio s hierarchy, regarded the film as a nihilistic study in murder, Satan worship, sadism and even necrophilia. Of course, what struck the masses as impudent seventy years ago seems audacious today. In many ways The Black Cat is a bold, striking piece of work that captures two of horror film s greatest players at the top of their .
Mallrats is one of those films that very few saw in a movie theatre, but went on to become a cult favorite thanks to the home video market. It boasts a hot, young director and a cast of likeable characters that like to cuss a lot. Add a hip soundtrack, and you ve got the complete package. For those of you 21 and older, go to the View Askew website and check out the Mallrats Drinking Game . It makes for a good night with friends.
While the camerawork was certainly funky perhaps one dutch roll short of stoned the premise of the film was fantastic. It really took a scathingly satirical in the true traditional of Hal Hartley look at God, Jesus and Devil. The interaction of Jesus and Satan provides some hilarious scenes... Even the monologues of Jesus were great this was by far the best Jesus I ve even seen. So laidback, Zen like, Son of God ish but still such a nice guy. On one level this is a very general look on the paradoxes of Christianity, but yet there is still a personal level, where you can relate to Jesus Christ without having a God Complex thanx to Martin Donovan and Hal Hartley .
I went to see this film, and if it wasn t for other people sitting around us, I would have walked out of the cinema half way through. There is no chemistry between the leading actors. There is very poor character development. Lots of bits of information is thrown in about various characters without linking it to the story. Ashwarya Rai s voice over after a while becomes boring. Lots of other minor characters are added, I think just to fill up the blank pages of the script. The spices are only an excuse to give a movie its .
As a low budget enterprise in which the filmmakers themselves are manufacturing and distributing the DVDs themselves, we perhaps shouldn t expect too much from Broken in disc form. And yet what s most remarkable about this whole achievement is the fact that this release comes with enough extras to shame a James Cameron DVD and a decidedly fine presentation. With regards to the latter, the only major flaw is that Broken comes with a non anamorphic transfer. Otherwise we get the film in its original 1.85 1 ratio, demonstrating no technical flaws and looking pretty much as should .
Awful Terminator Blade Runner rip off. In fact, with a little bit of irony, the flick is highly enjoyable the wooden acting, the hole crippled screenplay and, yes, some nice and totally gratuitous boob shots. In a post apocalyptic future,a man and a woman struggle for survival against a not so efficient cyborg with an obvious hip malfunction and some nice mutants. A nice trend to watch the hero never thinks of a good weapon to fight the cyborg makes you wait for the teapot or the shoelace , however, the villain can strike from good distance using a hub cap like a deadly Frisbee. Alas, I m not making this up. Once again, a moronic and boring movie, but could become with some wicked humor a moronic and funny movie.
Okay, so it starts very unimaginatively with a narration from the lead character Justine played by Laura Fraser an amazing actress in her own right but it goes on to become something miraculous. It has silly little things that you really shouldn t find funny but do every time. There is an especially memorable moment that sees your jaw dropping to the ground the first time you watch it when the male body of Jake, containing Justine s female mind, is trying to get used to her new anatomy. I wont spoil it for you, but the second time .
Oldest reason in the world money. Watching it you would think that there are no Austrian, German or Swiss valuable books that could be filmed or any new ideas or the courage to follow them. Instead the filmmakers decided to make an Austrian version of a very well known and at least as well discardable American soft horror trash. In the past it used to be the other was around Hollywood, due to the relative short history of the USA, used to look to Europe to find inspiration in its rich traditions and plurality of cultural streams. If in Europe too money will become the only reason to make movies, we can expect not much else in the future.
Dr. Magrew George Peck strives to give human attributes to expertly crafted wooden puppets. Emily Harrison who plays Jane Magrew is the bright spot of the movie. But the puppets themselves are the real stars. The killer puppets do away with the bad guys. The action scenes are good, but there are too few to get excited about. Even with the finale slamming the door on you this mild horror movie is still fun to watch. Peck is less animated than the puppets. Also starring are Michael Guerin, Josh Green and Jason Dean Booher.
What the hell happened to Spongebob? The new animation SUCKS, his new voice SUCKS and the show just isn t funny anymore. SB s voice is high and whiny, and the way he s drawn now is just awful. The humor used to be dark, quirky and funny. Now, it just looks like they re going through the motions. It looks like the whole series has jumped the shark. There s just no passion left. I wonder if all the original writers and animators have simply left. Way to go, Nickelodeon, for ruining a once great show that I ve enjoyed since the very beginning. I really, really hate you guys.
Harlan County Kentucky is a beautiful place not Vancouver in Canada were the movie was filmed. The people of Harlan County Kentucky do not talk like Granny of the Beverly Hillbillies as Holly Hunter did. Why were the people of Harlan County Kentucky left out of this movie. The coalminers strike in Harlan County Kentucky was alot more than what this movie portrayed. I was embarrassed for the maker of this movie.
Did Sandra yes, she must have know we would still be here for her some nine years later? See it if you haven t, again if you have see her live while you can.
DO NOT READ this comment IF YOU WANT TO WATCH THE MOVIE IT will spoil it for you This Movie was very good for about the first hour and then the end was like OMG! It just went off and she was the bum that she had been seeing the entire movie , I absolutely hated the movie! How was the doctor the same nanny her husband was sleeping with? What was up with this Foreign Exchange Student with AIDS? Crazy MOVIE... It was too many psychotic episodes! This lady had a serious mental condition that leaves you just as confused as she is. Not Scary Not Worth Your time Next.......
Not a bad martial arts film. Fight scenes were good. Michel Qissi did a good job directing his first film without Van Damme. Story worked without foul language and too much blood. Screenwriter Jeanette Francessca has a good line to the story that works. IT would be great to see something else from her in the same genre. She likes the art and having strong women promenant. IT was definitely worth watching. I recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.
Old time movie buffs and anyone interested in the Bible should not miss this film if they have the chance to see it. It tells the stories of the Old Testament, with an all African American cast, with the gloss typical of 1930 s Warner Brothers. Highlights include the first scenes in Heaven and just about anything with Rex Ingram. He gives The Almighty great weight serenity he also plays Adam. Acting is good throughout and some of the special effects are still fun to watch.
No scenario, bad actors poor Melissa Gilbert ... Beurk Beurk Beurk ... Give a such budget to make this... In Belgium, we make ten films which win all prices in Cannes with this. Last time that I ve seen a such NULL Film was Hypercube. But scenario was better. Is anyone knows if the director was a graduate in school film or a cop ? The better things in this film was the word End . Why authorize to sell this ? 1 is to expensive. I ve pay ten dollars to buy this. For me, pay for this was my BIG MISTAKE of millennium. Too bad. Next time I ll break my arm but buy this type of sh t.
My English is not so good, sorry for that. I liked the music in the film a lot and was searching for ages for that song with the words january , Journey and feather on the ground in it. Now I was waiting and watching a second time just to get the music and well, I have it as a film snippet but don t know anything else about it. One of your comments was very helpful, thanks a lot. also to the others of cause, smile I lost and sorry, I wanted to write a comment but so much English and register again and again... Forgive me please and maybe one good soul may help me to find that song. Is it from Fisher too ? The Song is played while they had the party. All the best and thanks in advance, really cheers
Jarl and Moodysson are part of an dying breed of political film makers. The Swedish population should appreciate that they try to uncover the truth when the government and media actively distorts and cover up the events surrounding the EU meeting in Gothenburg. It is absolutely heartbreaking to see how these innocent kids have been abused and drugged by the Swedish police and convicted to prison in political trials for sending text messages and as revenge for others actions. The only unfortunate thing about this movie is that it will not reach the broad masses in Sweden as it will only be shown it theaters and not be released on video or aired on television. br br The political film is important as it can bring new perspectives and insight into complex issues and has a role to play as an educator of the masses.
Warning this review MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS. But there s a good chance you re not going to want to see it anyhow. This is a boring movie. Exactly why one of the characters had to find a doorway out of a waxwork is beyond me because it would at least have ended the movie quicker. What happens is a magician invites six teens to his wax museum, which houses waxworks of scenes from famed horror films like Dracula , Frankenstein , The Wolfman , Return of the Living Dead and........... drum roll ........... Little Shop of Horrors . The .
I remember going into a little cinema in Texas to see this film, I wasn t expecting much... What I saw was a dead on parody of life in the 80 s. This is one of the great films of the 80 s. There is a great tribute to this film in The Simpsons if you notice Homer always drinks Buzz Cola at the nuclear plant. Surf II has a strange intensity that is lacking in most films of today, too bad its not available on video or DVD. I highly recommend you track this one down, it will be well worth it.
This film starts out with a family who were all going in different directions and their teenage daughter Martha MacIssac Olivia Dunne was very much in love with Joe MacLeod, Zack . The mother is played by Mitzi Kapture, Jill Dunne who suddenly walks in on her daughter and Zack making out and then all kinds of problems seem to surface. Jill Dunne has a husband who is always traveling or staying away from the home quite often. There are also big problems that occur when the family decides to go on a camping trip which their daughter Olivia .
For this movie, my recommendation is to read the book. I have not, and do not discount the power which may have been conveyed by the original author who lived the experiences. But all credibility which this movie may have had, washed away for me because there was no dirt, no mud, no decay, no rats, no lice, no corpse stink, no depiction of the truly terrible conditions in which these people fought and slogged and died. All of the soldiers kit was unblemished, unstained, unmuddied, looking like the producer did not want to risk the expense of getting .
Kurt Thomas stars as Jonathan Cabot some kind of a gymnast who trains for a special game which involves being hunted by a group of ninjas, but those ninjas won t stand a chance, especially since Cabot is a gymnast! Taken as a whole Gymkata is one helluva bad movie, the atrocious acting, the god awful script and really incompetent directing make the quality below human standards, however this movie is so terrible it becomes really, really funny. I mean with dialog such as I know I ll outsleep them! or Ha!, your through! only add to the mock value that Gymkata more then obtains. Besides it s Wisely the only movie that has are hero a gymnast who finds things to swing on in the heat of the moment.
The Claude Lelouch s movie is a pretty good moment of cinema. One of the most touching films about family and loneliness, and surely the best interpretation of French actor Jean Paul Belmondo.
VHS I have watched this over and over and LOVED every minute of it so much so I have now ordered the DVD I only wished the film could have lasted longer. I never worry about what other people think I prefer to make my own mind up and entirely disagree with the negative comments and will not let others spoil my enjoyment of the film whatsoever. Make up your own mind and don t let others put you off! I have all Jane Austen s BBC series but this is my FAVOURITE. I see there is to be a NEW Northanger Abbey released in 2007 which I will buy when it comes out but it will not stop me watching Northanger Abbey released in the 80 s.
First time of seeing Buster Keaton s first feature film and I have to admit I liked it a lot and only wish I d stumbled across it years ago. The Rohauer blurb at the start warns that the Three Ages single nitrate print was rediscovered and salvaged in 1954 just in time before combustion, and many frames that seemed hopelessly glued together were separated. So, it s rocky viewing in places, but I ve seen and survived much worse. It would have been OK as the 3 short films but as a take on Intolerance it s inventive .
Even though I was a kid when I saw the original, I can remember it being much more endearing and convincing than this Sharon Stone remake. It s not great, it s not bad, but Sharon does not ever convince me that she is a mother figure to the orphaned boy she wants to help. She s always just a little too abrasive, too tough, and trying too hard to be sexy in this role. The boy who plays one of the lead characters comes off better than Sharon. I m wondering what kind of recruiting they needed to get George C. Scott and Jeremy Northam in this movie. My advice is to stick to watching Sharon Stone in her usual glamorous, sex pot type roles. They are much more suited to her style.
i was glad that this movie did without all the supposed depth of all too many pseudo serious interracial movies. race was one issue, yes, but so was class...and loyalty...and honesty, etc. br br i also loved the idea that the love affair wasn t couched solely in the decorative aspects of either character s appearance. aren t our divorce courts on both sides of the Atlantic, i daresay! filled now with enough couples who thought looking good. together. is all it takes to make a solid marriage? in any case, the tenderness and sensuality of both characters was thick enough to cut in love scenes that would have brought a rainbow to any dreary day! in other words, a light hearted movie that s by no means a light weight!
This is probably the worst movie ever made, the worst about it is that it s norwegian. Norwegian moviebuisness isn t exactly the best in the world, which by the way is perfectly illustrated by this dreadful, lame no good piece of art . A disgrace for all mankind!
Night of the Demons 1988 was another in a long line of teen horror films that were released on video and pay t.v. during that mecca of film making the eighties. But unlike most of the crap that was being peddled around, this one was actually a decent watch. A group of bored teenagers decide to party Halloween night away with a pair of bizarre sisters Mimi Kinkade and Linnea Quigley at the infamous Hull House. Your usual cast of stereotypical teenagers are invited to the party. But an average teenage bash turns into a night of terror as .
I have just watched the season 2 finale of Doctor Who, and apart from a couple of dull episodes this show is fantastic. br br Its a sad loss that we say goodbye to a main character once again in the season final but the show moves on. br br The BBC does need to increase the budget on the show, there are only so many things that can happen in London and the surrounding areas. Also some of the special effects all though on the main very good, on the odd occasion do need to be a little .
...does a pre adolescent girl who d lost her hearing manage to run away from a small village and in 10 15 years end up living in a big city high rise apartment complete with a storage room, a well equipped private screening room that seats at least ten and a balcony that just happens to overlook the hutong inhabited by her long estranged parents...in contemporary China population 1.4 billion ? I know one is supposed to suspend disbelief at the movies, but this is beyond ridiculous! And how about the fact the the young man she injures in .
I broke my own rule buying this movie from the 5.88 bin at Walmart. Basically, if a movie has a big star in it, and you ve never heard of it before, it s usually for a reason. Well in the case of this movie, the reason is because it SUCKED! They plaster Sandra Bullock s photo and name all over the cover of the DVD as bait, and it reeled this little fishie right on in. I was thinking of donating the disc to charity, or giving it to the library, but I don t think I would want to subject anyone else in the world to this movie. Worst lines What do you mean army buddies? What do you mean your dad?
I saw Bon voyage 2 days ago and I found it an excellent production. The film is supposed to entertain, and it does! It emulates the style of the American screwball comedies of the 30s, but Von voyage is more refined. Adjani and Depardieu are simply excellent in their roles. The plot is simple. The film starts with people involved in many situations that, apparently, should have nothing to do between them. It is very funny how those situations become linked during the film. It is good to see a French film with this kind of sense of humor. I find it, principally, a film in which love is the main theme. Peter Coyote as the German spy in France shows once more to be an excellent actor, too.
1st watched 7 19 2003 1 out of 10 Dir Brad Sykes Ridiculously lame 3D movie which pretty much follows the plots of many 80 s teen slasher flicks. Stupid kids go to a known murderous camp site, become hunted by an unknown masked man, and then we try to figure out who, if anyone, is going to live. We really don t care who s behind the mask but even that s not hard to figure out if you ve seen any of these kinds of movies. What a waste of a 3D viewer despite somewhat decent 3D effects.
I have read all the Jump On The Band Wagon It s a lousy episode reviews here and what I have read makes the posters sound like idiots. This is not the best Trek Episodes but the reviewers here are citing Charlie X , Wink Of An Eye , Spectre Of The Gun and Spock s Brain as bad episodes. I think you guys are idiots!! I will cite a few problems with this episode. 1 In one scene Lazarus 1 or 2 you don t know which has a goatee that goes from thick to thin 2 The .
This film has absolutely nothing to recommend it. Bad acting, an even worse script, poor cinematography ... you name it, it all flops. Many of the extras were not even aware they were taking part in a film as is evidenced by their staring curiously at the cameras. Unlike even PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE, which is so bad it s at least worth some good laughs, this bomb doesn t even rate a good chuckle. An utter waste of celluloid.
I saw SEA OF DUST as part of a NYC screening audience several years ago. I enjoyed the film at that time, so I was a little confused by some of the amendments that had been made since. Perhaps it s my memory, but there seemed to be chunks of exposition missing from the version that was shown at the Rhode Island Film Festival. I m really not sure which version I prefer, but I can honestly say that I found something to appreciate it both. br br Let me begin by warning everyone that this is not a popcorn movie. Although it s been promoted as a Hammer Films tribute, people expecting a showdown between Van Helsing and Dracula are going to be sorely disappointed. There s some cleavage, but no nudity a staple of the British production house s later movies .
When I first saw My Dinner with Andre, I didn t like it. It was the opposite of what I thought a movie should be. It seemed to be all talk and little action or movement the formula for pure cinema is just the opposite . However, something about it stuck with me, and I was lucky enough to catch it again. The second viewing of this film really paid off. I had my bearings and could follow the conversation as it flowed back and forth from the transcendental and almost mystical explorations of Andre to the simple, practical, .
This film is one of the few films to offend me. It proclaims itself to be a children s movie, but is so full of gratuitous presumably meant to be comical violence, nasty pranks and the gruesome sequence with Christopher Lloyd being tortured nearly to death by the obnoxious brat Dennis makes DENNIS THE MENACE entirely inappropriate for children. The fact that it is a terrible film in all other respects makes it entirely inappropriate viewing for adults, as well! Would you want your child to repeat any of the antics Dennis gets away with in real life? They .
I saw this movie over 5 years ago and the subject still infuriates me, as it should. Her anger and initiative were inspiring. Not that I would takeover an army and kill people, but the scene at the well and at the rebel strong hold will never leave my mind. This is a great film but be prepared for the strong subject matter.
I used to be a law abiding citizen. I went to work, paid my taxes, and came home to my wife and three children. We d have dinner together and laugh as the children regaled us with tales of fantasy they came up with on the playground. The wife and I would laugh and hold each others hands, looking lovingly at each other, knowing that the love of our family would last forever. All of that changed the day I accidentally saw Comedy Inc. Nothing was ever the same. As soon as it ended and the credits began to .
First off, I d like to say that I was forced to watch this movie and by no means volunteered my time, energy and mind into this piece of trash. This movie has very few positives. I liked the intro with the black and white film...and that s about all I can really say. The one liners are downright hideous and the acting is straight gutwrenching. The riddle about Pumpkinhead is so bad, I swear I ve never laughed so hard. There is an unending list of wrong turns that this movie makes and so many unexplained events. For .
One of the most annoying aspects of this poorly produced documentary is its abysmal editing. Aside from the utter lack of chronological presentation showing a shuttle orbiter test flight before the Apollo 11 splashdown is more than a bit confusing , there seems to be a lack of knowledge that the Apollo and Gemini programs were not the same, and that maybe they shouldn t intercut video of the slender black Gemini capsule with that of the much larger Apollo command module. The near total absence of narration does not help this problem in the least. Also, who decided .
I had to give this movie a 1 out of 10 because IMDB.com does not allow 0 out of 10, which is what this movie deserves. Some fat guy with a knife goes around killing Friday the 13th type movie teenagers, typical of a repulsive slasher movie. Never have I seen a movie that is so dull, poorly acted, and incoherent. Just disgustingly bad.
London to Brighton is a superb slice of British crime pulp a no nonsense, down and dirty tale of two relatively weak individuals, given the parameters of the genre, desperate to get away from the lifestyle they ve grim and bared up until this point. Systematically, one particular character must balance evading capture with the taking on of the moral responsibilities that come with looking after a much younger individual they ve unwittingly roped into this world by way of child prostitution. If there is a distinct shrill ringing throughout us as the film plays out, it s because .
I think they did a magnificent job of showing the stark, gritty, in your face reality of life for many people in our world. It wasn t glorified, it wasn t scandalized, there were no quick fixes. Just people struggling to help the handful they can. This is what it s really like. In addition, the way the arms smuggling angle was covered was also very deftly handled. It wasn t condoned, the problems, the reasons, the advantages and the consequences were all demonstrated. But at the end of it all the viewer is simply left with the question .
The scenes are fast paced. the characters are great. I love Anne Marie Johnson s acting. I really like the ending. However, I was disappointed that this movie didn t delve deeper into Achilles s and Athena s relationship. It only blossomed when they kissed each other.
I have seen virtually all of Cynthia Rothrock s films, and to me this is the funniest. It reminds me of early Jackie Chan movies. Admittedly, Ms Rothrock may not be the greatest actress, but she is very good to watch as both a martial artist and as a very cute young lady. This film, while probably not the best of all her films, was the most entertaining.
I just saw this movie yesterday and I for one, thought it was a terrific movie. I thought it s messages were great and I especially thought Matt Newton s performance was spectacular. I just felt that the one aspect of the ending didn t really work and that was the fact that Henry never made contact with Anthony again. You would think since he asked him to stay with him in the gym that they would ve at lease kept in touch. But overall I thought this movie was very powerful and am still wondering why the critics have been so unkind to it. This includes Kevin Thomas of the L.A. Times who gives every gay movie a good review.
STAR RATING Saturday Night Friday Night Friday Morning Sunday Night Monday Morning Josh Randell Norris is in charge of a security at the casino owned by his adopted Jewish father and his wayward son, collecting small debts and taking care of trouble makers at the casino. But now he faces a new threat in the shape of Romandy Peter Cavanaugh a small time gangster s son who wants to take over the casino. When the family refuse to hand it over, Romady turns nasty and Randell is left to take his adopted sister and his lover on a wild .
I think I have to watch this movie again, because it s either pretty good or pretty average. It all depends on whether in the end, when we see the three murders again, this is what actually happened which would be awfully contrived and pretty bad or whether it s another one of Ishaan s stories, made up to save himself and the other two prisoners which would be a very interesting twist . There are clues to either interpretation, but it s not really clear which of the two is happening. Up to the end it s a very good, taut movie with good acting and a perfect script it s just that the ending, which I m not sure about, either destroys it or makes it even better.
Phoebe Cates and Willie Aames was this guy ever really a respected actor? embark on a goofy journey into the heart of the modern day vision of paradise. No jobs, no paychecks, no deadlines, no traffic, none of that. Just beautiful weather, stunning waterfalls, loincloths, and of course, angry Arabs intent on adding poor Sarah Cates to his collection of mistresses. David and Sarah had narrowly escaped from these menacing enemies, and found a peaceful place in paradise to spend their time. Luckily, they happen to have run across all of the modern conveniences a nice little house, beds .
Set in 1970 later 1985 , a strange, extraterrestrial spool is discovered at the site of the 1906 mystery explosion in Tunguska, Siberia. The discovery of this spool confirms that an alien spaceship from Venus crash landed there and that the spool is a memory storage devise. A nuclear powered spacecraft is manufactured and a multinational crew is assembled for a manned expedition to Venus. After a lengthy and risk laden trip, the crew lands on Venus only to discover the planet devastated by a nuclear war and that the ship from Venus was an invasion force heading to .
I saw this series when I was a kid and loved the detail it went into and never forgot it. I finally purchased the DVD collection and its just how I remembered. This is just how a doco should be, unbiased and factual. The film footage is unbelievable and the interviews are fantastic. The only other series that I have found equal to this is Die Deutschen Panzer . I only wish Hollywood would sit down and watch this series, then they might make some great war movies. Note. Band of Brothers, Saving Private Ryan, Letters from Iwo Jima, Flags of Our Fathers and When Trumpets Fade are some I d recommend
When I first saw a glimpse of this movie, I quickly noticed the actress who was playing the role of Lucille Ball. Rachel York s portrayal of Lucy is absolutely awful. Lucille Ball was an astounding comedian with incredible talent. To think about a legend like Lucille Ball being portrayed the way she was in the movie is horrendous. I cannot believe out of all the actresses in the world who could play a much better Lucy, the producers decided to get Rachel York. She might be a good actress in other roles but to play the role of .
Sylvester Stallone stars as Ray Quick, a professional hitman hired by May Munro Sharon Stone who wants revenge for her parent s murder, in this overblown and sub par actioner which stands out only for James Woods performance as a crooked FBI agent. Other then that though, the movie is hideous and hideously dull.
Imitation of Life , the 1934 version, reflected the attitude in the country toward blacks. This movie wouldn t have had a chance of being made in the present climate of political correctness. This movie shows how Hollywood dealt with the racial issues back in those years. John Stahl directed the film, which stands in stark contrast with the Douglas Sirk s take in 1959 which presents a glossier vision of the Fanny Hurst novel, in which it s based. Between the two versions, this one seems to make more sense, in spite of the incredible jump from rags .
First of all, we know that Bruce Willis is a good actor but if you take the majority of his movies you ll see that the characters have these moments where they are the same. His character in this movie is far beyond every single one so far... and counting. The story begins in the not so far future where a man is sent to the past to find the source of a virus that has swept most of humanity from the face of the earth. The story seems to go towards SF but i think its closer to .
Well, was Morgan Freeman any more unusual as God than George Burns? This film sure was better than that bore, Oh, God . I was totally engrossed and LMAO all the way through. Carrey was perfect as the out of sorts anchorman wannabe, and Aniston carried off her part as the frustrated girlfriend in her usual well played performance. I, for one, don t consider her to be either ugly or untalented. I think my favorite scene was when Carrey opened up the file cabinet thinking it could never hold his life history. See if you can spot the file in the cabinet that holds the events of his bathroom humor I was rolling over this one. Well written and even better played out, this comedy will go down as one of this funnyman s best.
While the main story is supposed to take place in Morocco, this movie was shot in foggy Romania in 18 days on a very tight budget. However broken their cards may be, the actors and the crew play them with remarkable skill and commitment, so that in the end I found the result both touching and graceful. Nikolaj Coaster Waldau provides a formidable performance as the bad guy. The script and direction provide some gems. Whether you will like the movie or not, however, will probably depend on your take on Alexandra Staden in the title role. Other reviewers have pointed out Staden s inadequacies as Modesty Blaise. They may have a point, but I found her interpretation delightful and very fitting. Modesty manages to overcome terrible odds through discipline, innate talent and courage. Staden appears to be doing the same here.
Emilio Miraglio s The Red Queen Kills Seven Times 1972 is just about the most perfect example of a giallo that I have ever seen, mixing all the requisite elements into one sinister stew indeed. First of all, and of paramount importance for me, it has a complex, twisty plot that ultimately makes perfect sense, and the killer here does not come completely out of left field at the end. The story, concerning a series of gruesome murders you already know how many from the film s title, right? that takes place in seeming fulfillment of an ancient prophecy .
Hi. Long time ago I was on a Swedish ship, a general cargo ship on a trip from England to Brownsville, Texas. It was a bad ship, and it ended in a one way ticket back to Sweden, paid by the Swedish embassy, but, however, there were some Mexican hookers visiting our ship every day during our stay, very friendly and speakable , but one day when they came aboard one of them shouted I m a movie star , and she explained that she had a part in a film called Crossroads later I found out that it was called Back Roads , featuring Sally Field. As the years went by I looked for this film but never found it, until today !
I really liked this movie sixteen years ago. I was an ideal audience, partly because I built models of fighters and carriers, flew model rockets, and was eager to see lots of military hardware. But the real reason is that I was 14 years old. This movie comprehends life at about the level of a 14 year old. Watching it again as an adult was painful. After every visual cliche, after every scene of buffoonery almost innumerable I told myself it would get better, that the scenes of space flight were coming. But there was nothing but more weak dialog, trite phrases and ... even the shot framing was corny. And that dreadful score. Bill Conti really reached a new level of inappropriateness beyond his previous best misunderstanding of theme, style and sentiment with For Your Eyes Only .
Grand Hotel is the kind of film that doesn t lose anything during repeated viewings. It is a marvelous MGM production that pretty much embodies the kind of thing the studio did best, during the company s most prolific era. The narrative revolves around one of Germany s most luxurious hotels, the Grand Hotel, which provides the setting for a series of interesting guests that struggle with different problems. The story is really an excuse to display glamorous stars and MGM s now famous ultra glossy production values, but who s complaining? Certainly not me. The film has an .
This show was absolutely terrible. For one George isn t funny, and his kids are snobby little brats. He also treats his mother with no respect. As a Hispanic, I am highly offended by this show and the way the characters are portrayed. Plus the dysfunctional family thing s been done to death. For once, I want to see something original. What makes this show funny when other shows have done it millions of times? I thought ABC would come to its senses and pull this piece of garbage off the air, but sadly, we re going to have to stomach this until they jump the shark . In my opinion, they already did.
If it weren t for the editing out of curse words and a superimposed blur when one character give another the finger, it would be easy to mistake this low budget snoozer for a Sci Fi channel pilot. The plot about the government s attempts to destroy a group of telekinetics it originally trained as military weapons ends ambiguously enough with the hero, himself gifted, in pursuit of a telekinetic survivor bent on revenge. Alas, the movie is talky, boring, predictable and even devoid of interesting special effects. Top billed Louis Gossett, Jr. has a minor role as the evil government bureaucrat who originated the program and now wants to eliminate all traces. He walks through the part and it is hard to understand why he bothered. Other members of the cast do a decent job with a script that demands little.
This vicious little film is horrendous. My low rating for it comes for two main reasons. The first is that it is an animal snuff film and I find that whole concept so vile it turns my stomach. Filmed over a hundred years ago, I can only hope that we ve evolved into something a little more humane and compassionate. This film is complete and utter exploitation, made to cash in on the sensational aspects of the film and the subject. Historical interest aside, this is something to watch only if one finds themselves in the grip of morbid .
The Golden Era of Disney cartoons was dying by the time the end of the 90s. This show Quack Pack shouldn t even be considered a DuckTales spin off because the show barely had anything to do with DuckTales. It s about a teen aged Huey, Dewey and Louie as they make trouble for their uncle Donald and talk in hip hop lingo and they are fully dressed unlike in DuckTales. I prefer the little adventurous nephews from DuckTales. There are humans in Duckburg and the ducks are the only animals living in Duckburg. There s no references of Scrooge McDuck. The stories are repetitive, the plot is boring but the animation is good. If you want lots of slapstick humor, I recommend this to you. If you want a better Disney show watch Darkwing Duck or DuckTales .
Hammett s short story The House on Turk Street is 23 taut pages in my 1974 paperback of his Continental Op stories. It s a terrific tale. It takes place all in the same San Francisco house, in one afternoon, with an uneasy band of robbers, hiding out between robberies with a bag of loot, and the fat private eye who stumbles into them by chance. This movie shifts everything to the East Coast and expands the tale to include cyber crime, crooked bankers, airplanes to the Bahamas, a road trip to Albany, New York, etc, etc, etc. Why? .
I was actually around 13 years old camping near the McCloud River, near Shasta when this movie was being filmed. My family was paid to leave our campsite for the afternoon, when they filmed Vincent floating down the river. A little trivia...the scene where they pulled him out, was actually where he started his float down the river. And if the stunt man missed the netting, there was 20 foot waterfall about 1 4 mile down farther. br br Anyway...I watched it at the time, and didn t get it. It wasn t until years later when I saw .
STAR RATING Unmissable Very Good Okay You Could Go Out For A Meal Instead Avoid At All Costs Caroline McKeever Donna D Errico is a Los Angeles artist in an unfortunate predicament she s the last living descendant of the Candyman!!!Eager to keep his myth alive,the hook handed one goes about his business of slashing people from groin to gullet,trying to get Caroline to come with him into the next life and let his myth live forever. Oh dear,where do I start?!?It wasn t inevitable that a third Candyman film would be made highly likely,in fact or that the .
This movie certainly deserves to be placed within the genre of horror, but not for obvious reasons. The horror of A Tale Of Two Sisters lies not with sudden shocks or large helpings of CGI guts and gore it is a psychological horror movie which piques the viewer s curiosity from the start and builds a suspenseful aura of mystery and questions throughout. Best of all, the ending does not provide a clear answer, pushing the viewer to analyse what they have seen and make up their own mind about what really took place. br br Do not be .
The marriage of an upscale New York City couple with child falls apart when the wife wants out It took a lot of courage for her to walk out that door! a neighbor tells us the busy, distracted husband takes on the motherly responsibilities and grows closer to his son, but soon the wife returns. Highly manipulative picture doesn t give us a very realistic familial unit with young Justin Henry certainly not resembling the product of a marriage between Dustin Hoffman and Meryl Streep! , but the dynamics are intriguing and involving, and director Robert Benton keeps the .
This kitschy blaxploitation film was originally intended as a serious movie, which ultimately earns it some points in the camp department. However, the movie s slow starting pacing pace, wooden acting, and periodically decent production value make for a largely uneventful ride. Using sets from the original 1931 Frankenstein, as well as similar art direction, Blackenstein was a movie that tried hard to be legitimate, and the first half of the film rises above typical exploitation schlock. However, once the Blackenstein monster is created, the film begins to fall apart, and what follows is a terrible, Blood Freak style .
This movie is brilliant in every way. It touches on the complexities of loving relationships in a meaningful way, but never lectures. The script never condescends toward any character, not even the hapless Johnny. It also and benefits from spot on direction, production design, casting, and performances. The fact that Cher is so perfect in the film and is more unlike Cher than she has ever been is a wonder to me. I watch Moonstruck at least once a year and I just viewed it again this Christmas eve with my 16 year old twin daughters and they loved it as well. It has something for everyone with a heart and leaves you filled with joy in the end.
I won t get into the computer game style of the movie, maybe its different, maybe its just a cheap excuse for bad 3d graphics and lack of budget for Effects. I sure watched this movie too late at night and since the pacing is slooooow and thats still a compliment it got hard to focus on the plot. Basically St Johns Wort is about some kids designing computer games. 2 of them delve into the story for a new one which is based on a house the graphics girl inherited. So the girl and a guy go there .
Some have said that Billy West s films as a suspiciously Little Tramp like character are more enjoyable if the viewer doesn t compare them to Chaplin s films. I find that very hard to do, and I think that the fact that West spends the entire short trying to look and act as much like Chaplin s character as he can invites a certain amount of comparison to say the least. West has the look down, certainly, and he does a good job of aping Chaplin s mannerisms, but his performance just doesn t have the subtlety, and .
As you may have gathered from the title, I wholeheartedly believe this movie to be the worst zombie movie of all time. The acting, camera work, writing, special effects and anything else remotely related to this movie sucked. People have argued that while this movie is terribly acted and terribly produced but it comes through with a witty intelligent script. Wow. The plot has more holes than I or anyone else could possibly count. For starters, why would the government tell everyone to go back to work when it s not safe? I know the government s supposed to .
I think this movie was great, Jamie Lee and John couldn t have been better! Especially the soundtrack, the songs really suited the movie. I have been looking for the soundtrack for ages, but no luck... I reckon it has a entertaining storyline, It s not the best film of JLC and JT but I ts still worth watching. I ve seen it quite a few times and It doesn t get old. I m one of Jamie Lee Curtis biggest fans, she has never looked better in this movie, her figure Is just to die for... And yes, she wears leotards for most the movie. Jamie has said herself Jee, I was HOT , when she was watching the movie with her daughter Annie and one of her friends.
Comcast cable lists this movie as a comedy. IMDb lists it as comedy drama. I found no comic moments in it. Yes, the Bill Murray character attempts some stand up comedy. But his jokes are flat and his delivery too. It also fails as a drama because we really get no explanation for the behavior of the characters. How did the police crime scene photographer De Niro earn the nickname mad dog ? Is it normal for crime scene photographers to carry weapons and to interact socially with detectives? Why does the mob boss Bill Murray attempt to do .
Like Chocolat , Big Night is the sort of movie that makes your mouth water. Portraying Italian immigrant brothers Primo Tony Shalhoub and Secondo Stanley Tucci trying to recruit Louis Prima to sing at their ailing restaurant in 1950s New Jersey, it s a great movie from various aspects. I felt like I just wanted to jump into the movie and eat everything on the screen. Anyway, it s a movie that I recommend to everyone. This was certainly a great introduction for me to both Shalhoub and Tucci. I still enjoy thinking about it. Also starring Minnie Driver, Isabella Rossellini, Liev Schreiber, Ian Holm and Allison Janney.
That nasty pack of clich s, plagiarism, terrible acting and really, really, really clumsy plot isn t watchable. I can at least guess, because it s definitely not for teenagers, couse they re gonna laugh at almost every scene for some time, because THIS movie isn t even funny in the way Ed Wood movies can be , older viewers will easily spot all the plot holes, bad acting and terrible idea. I had the doubtful pleasure of watching this flick at late night on the polish TV... and found it very difficult to enjoy it in any way. Even for a B C? D?... E?... um... or DTV movie it s waaaaaay below the bottom line. It is much worse then Steven Seagal s movies. Don t waste your time on such trash.
Why, o WHY! ...did I pick this one up? Well... i needed a no brainer in the summer heat, and the cover looked cool. Of course I should ve known better. This is a really, really bad movie. And it gets embarasing when the makers know it s bad, and try cover it up by adding some sexy beautiful women, and some sex scenes to it. Well, folks... it does nt cut it, does it! If you WOULD like a cool movie about a big reptile that is actually very, very good, well played and funny go rent Lake Placid! that is an order
We recently screened this film for our English class and I found it to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. There are WAY to many closeups of this actress, the plot was very weak, the props were poorly manufactured, and the sound was unbearable. DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM. The film shouldn t have been released to the United States and should have just stayed in Bollywood land where it belongs. This film is neither shocking nor riveting. I can t believe how many people liked this film. A group of normal college kids from Chicago all unanimously agreed that this film was complete trash.
Another winner from that 50s , 60s era that I love so much for the comedic value they give with each viewing these days .Corman never lets you down with these films , they take themselves seriously and they have very low budgets , a recipe for good watching for sure . Ed Nelson a very competent actor got started with Corman as well as many other favorites who show up in Superman and many of the westerns of the day . The costume is pretty bad and the sound of the alien speaking , well the reverb was a little off but thats the beauty of it . Film making for the love of it , not looking for perfection just digging the action of doing it , it comes thru . These films are a fun time ! Even better is the MST3K version !!
Rene Clair s groundbreaking musical. If you want to see where songs first drove a story this is the place. This is the story of a starving young artist who finds he s won the lottery just as his creditors come calling. Unfortunately his ticket is in his coat, which is in his girlfriends apartment and has been given to an on the run convict who then... oh but that would be telling. This is a light and frothy story where much of the dialog is sung most people think this didn t happen until Oklahoma or Andrew Lloyd Webber .
OK, so he s not a perfect stranger by the end of the movie. We do learn just a little about him. But nonetheless, you feel more or less the way you would if protocol required that you attend the wake of someone you had not even a passing acquaintance with. Respectful in the face of Death, duly serious, yes, but also somewhat bored and hoping you can get away quickly. Still, the spectacle of a man so intent on suicide, and finding it surprisingly difficult, was rather interesting. I would not have regretted seeing this movie, were it not for the ending, which scotches everything, making you wonder why you ve wasted your time.
Finally saw this last night on TCM, and I really can t believe the raves by the other posters! First, if Andy and Linda had actually hooked up, their kid would have looked like a gargoyle! Second, I didn t understand why Andy got Dink. Linda was probably a gold digger who bailed the second Andy lost the belt, but fathers were very rarely awarded custody back then unless the mother was as an unfit a parent as Andy is! Which leads me to the fight. Beery flayed around like a crazed fish in search of water! Why no .
I m studying Catalan, and was delighted to find El Mar, a movie with mostly Catalan dialogue, at my art house video store. Hmmm... not so delighted to have seen it. Yes, as other reviewers have said, it s well made, and beautifully photographed. Although the opening sequence of the children is shockingly violent, it s well acted and convincing. For the most part, that is... Would the Mallorquins strip a corpse in preparation for burial right in the middle of the town square, in full view of the dead man s 10 year old boy? Oh, well... minor .
As soon as I knew Keira Knighteley being in this flick, I said I have to watch this movie . She s the undisputed main character, Domino, a bounty hunter. Her job , as the no action scenes would teach us, reflects her rebel, violent attitude to life. I have to admit that it s the very first time that I watch an action movie whose most important scenes are the one in which the guns are far away from characters hands. So, this stomped me a bit. Anyway, for all the John Woo s fans, there are helicopters .
The whole point of making this film, one of the earliest and best international color releases of cinematic opera, was to make it more accessible to the masses. And it succeeded admirably in doing so. The general public would not sit still for a love story about two young exotic lovers in ancient Egypt if played by the typical 300 pound over 40 tenor and soprano with the vocal equipment to sing the glorious music properly. Hence the visual substitution of the beautiful principals a young Loren, handsome Della Marra, and a slinky Ms. Maxwell who make the story .
In the ever growing film genre of comic book adaptations, Blade is by far one of the best realised, and most faithful overall to the source material.... given that the character has almost 30 years of history in the comics since his debut as a back up figure in Marvel s Tomb of Dracula, the writer took almost ALL of the characters and plot elements from the comic s history. While changes were inevitably made, the finer points of the film steamroll right over any criticisms. Don t let any of you friends tell you different Blade is one fine film. If it feels too comic booky for you Stanley Kubrick snobs out there, it s because it s supposed to. Deal with it, but don t dis it for it.
Given this film s incredible reviews I was expecting something truly exceptional. It certainly starts well with witty and sharp dialogue, and a fine cast in place. A series of Robert Altman style interwoven stories reel the viewer in with some compelling scenes. I found it gripping entertainment right through to the second half of the film when sadly, it collapses like a pack of cards. A series of ludicrous coincidences and right on messages stack up until I m left deeply disappointed and wondering what all the fuss is about. Paul Haggis has tackled the subject of race .
This delectable fusion of New Age babble and luridly bad film making may not open you up, to borrow one of the film s favorite verbs, but it might leave your jaw slack and your belly sore from laughter or retching. Based on the best selling book by James Redfield, first self published in 1993, this cornucopia of kitsch tracks the spiritual awakening of an American history teacher Matthew Settle who, on traveling to deepest, darkest, phoniest Peru and sniffing either the air or something else more illegal. Namely what he discovers is a schlock Shangri La populated by .
A group of adventurers travel to the dark continent to try and locate a lost heiress named Diana, who disappeared years before in a plane crash, and who is now believed to be living with a savage tribe that consider her to be their goddess. br br Once again, my search for sleazy, European cannibal movies has taken me deep into Jess Franco territory a seemingly endless cinematic wilderness swarming with sub par scriptwriting, crawling with crap camera work, and abundant with awful acting Franco regular Lina Romay taking the prize this time for her pitiful performance as an ailing, elderly woman .
If this film won the Lumiere Award for Best French Language Film, then what kind of garbage is coming out of France these days?? br br The subject matter is an important one how the African economies are kept as economic hostages by the international organizations that are supposed to be helping them, namely the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. About 40 of the governmental budgets of several African nations go to payment of Western debt, while their people suffer from disease, dehydration and illiteracy. br br ... but the subject matter was treated in the most .
I only watched this film on MST3K so I could bare watching the whole thing, but watching it on that show didn t take my attention away from the film itself. I could still notice the sadness and the general rubbish of the movie. It looked more like a music video for a 80s rock band than a actual movie. There s a lot of bad points to this, such as the acting. It was boring, plain and it didn t make me react at all, just made me want to go to sleep more than anything. Also the .
Back in 1986, The Wraith just about qualified as a moderately entertaining alternative should the video rental shop be all out of copies of Aliens or Top Gun however, when watched twenty three years later from a nostalgic point of view, this silly supernatural revenge flick actually proves to be a whole heap of fun. Charlie Sheen s lifeless performance the sheer naffness of the race scenes an ever present pop rock soundtrack Nick Cassavetes ridiculously nasty boo hiss bad guy a collection of annoying comic book punks with idiotic names and silly mannerisms The Wraith is perfect for .
It s quite an accomplishment that three stories filmed by three very different filmmakers could be simultaneously so insightful about gay bi sexual relationships, and their struggles! br br Pool Days is about the awkwardness of adolescence, and the mutual attraction between an older man and a younger one. A story about experience and vulnerability! br br A Friend Of Dorothy portrays a common dilemma many gay and bi sexual people experience at some point in their life the intense attraction towards someone whom is heterosexual. Sensitively examined, this story truly left me feeling moved! br br The Disco .
I would like to take this opportunity to say that this film is 100 RUBBSIH, NOT NOT WATCH IT UNLESS YOU LIFE DEPENDS IN IT!! This is without a doubt one of the worst films i have ever seen! I was absolutely speechless after watching it and quite frankly I am absolutely appalled at the good comments its bin given on this site! where they watching the same movie as me? First of all the movie was terribly written and acted badly. Lindsay lohan can barely act. why did they make her sing? 9 also why was everyone so shocked when she sang for the first time? she sounded like a freaking cat being strangled! She hasn t been good in any movie since the parent trap also why are people saying shes hot? SHE IS UGLY AND A CHAV! .
I can t believe people actually take this movie seriously. This has got to be one of the out and out dumbest films I ve ever seen, if not ever made. Willem Dafoe prancing about to classical music, unbelievably stupid gunfights, horrible dialogue, Willem Dafoe cross dressing. This is really a heap of garbage. And I love bad movies. In fact I like watching you re average B movie trash more than the boring mainstream crap put out by the big studios. But, this movie is incredibly bad. If it was regarded as a so bad its good movie, .
One of Them was absolutely awful. I am one of those people who scour On Demand stations for absolutely horrible horror movies. But this one was just plain BORING. And it must have been a nice way to stay on budget by cutting out actors from pieces of cardboard and leftover set...oh those were REAL actors??? My bad... It was boring, stupid and predictable. Lots of loose ends if you re into that whole story coming together at the end sort of thing . I think the most INSULTING thing to those of us in the know in regards .
This film reminded me so much of A History of Violence which pretended to be a close study of violence and violent behavior but ended up just being nothing short of a cheap action movie masquerading as some thinking film on violence. Dustin Hoffman and his new British bride move to a small English town and encounter endless harassment from the local drunks who do nothing but hang at the pub all day and make trouble. Don t these men have a job? Anyway, Dustin takes all he can take and by the end of the film he holds .
I guess there are some out there that remember Nicole Eggert from her little girl days on such TV shows as T.J. Hooker, Charles in Charge, and Who s the Boss? You perverts, you! Maybe you remember her from Baywatch when she grew up and got breast implants. No matter, you will certainly forget her in this supposed comedy about man eating aliens. There are so many things that do not make sense and are never explained. How did she recognize the alien? Why was the alien hot for paprika and cinnamon? Why didn t the alien eat her? .
I wish I had checked the IMDB reviews for this movie before renting it. Don t be fooled by the reasonably interesting summary on the back of the box, this is one of the worst films I have ever sat through. The acting is laughable, with lines being delivered in a horribly stilted, mechanical style by all but one actor excepting Thora Birch, who only has about ten minutes of screen time . Of course, you can t fault the actors for having to deliver lines that are horribly cliched or needlessly dramatic. Finally, it appears to have been edited by fairly intelligent chimps, with massive skips in the story leaving you trying desperately to figure out what s going on. The last ten minutes are among the worst ever commited to celluloid in movie that is trying to take itself seriously.
I remember reading all the horrible, horrible reviews for this film when it came out. I meant to go see how horrible it was but it was out of theaters in three weeks. The only other movie to manage that is Gigli. When the movie came out on DVD, I bought it to see how awful it was. I couldn t think of the sheer horrible attention that this film was getting was possible. After seeing it, I can understand. First off, let me say that this film is not without some cool shots. There s a nice shot .
Return of the Boogyman is a dreadful movie which doesn t play like a movie, it plays like an episode of a TV sitcom when they flashback to older episodes. Return of the Boogyman is just a clip show. Mutch of the film is constant and annoying flashbacks from the first movie. Over and over again the same footage. How boring this is. The movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie. I have seen the first movie I don t want to see the same scenes over and over again and I don t know who would. The whole movie looks like it was quickly made to make a few bucks and thats it.
Wife vs. Secretary is a warm and touching movie about the business world in 1936. It seems farfetched because many people were still struggling after the depression. It showed the public how some CEO s lived in luxurious apartments, have art deco offices, and visited mansions and exotic lands for business. What s nice is to see Jean Harlow as a regular person who is a secretary to the CEO, Clark Gable, who is married to Myra Loy. True is seems unbelievable these glamorous people could be part of the business world but this is Hollywood s version. And to top that, Harlow has a young James Stewart as a struggling boyfriend. What luck! It s a fun and thoughtful movie to watch thanks to the director, Clarence Brown, and the screenwriters. It would have been a different movie without the Production Code of 1934 and not as good.
John Candy s Performance in Once Upon A Crime is possibly his best ever. It s been My Favourite Movie since it came out. I Spent 5 Years searching for it. That s How Good It Is. If You Disagree, well, that s your opinion. Enjoy The Movie.
It is perfectly cast, very nicely photographed, very well acted and the direction is spot on. That said, it is to me better than the sum of its parts. If you didn t see that on the first viewing, try seeing it again. I thought it was decent fare on the first viewing until I caught the last 50 minutes or so a second time around on cable late one night. I was quite surprised at how completely I had misjudged it. I realized it was much better than it first seemed because, like a performance by a great dancer or skilled actors, it looks too easy to be really excellent, too natural. But I was wrong and seeing it all the way through one more time proved it to me. Try it again and see. Phil
Oh my God what the hell happened here?!! I m not going to say this again but what sort of backward movie is this? The dubbing in this is way worst than the dubbing in King Kong vs Godzilla ,Linda Miller had to be the worst actress in it and the suits are really cheesy.Its about some villain called Dr.Who who gets henchmen to build a robot gorilla that has the same strength as King Kong but when this robot breaks down he builds another one and then tries to kidnap Kong.When he does thats when Linda Miller gets .
A bad one. Oh, my...this is one of the movies, which doesn t have even one positive effect. Just everything from actors to story stinks to the sky. I just wonder how low I.Q. you should have to watch this kind of flick and even enjoy. Is there something than this is worth watching for? Well, there is a lot of nudity involved, but it s nothing particular. And when you just think that it couldn t get worse, your realize that all the naked ladies looked like there are forty years old. C mon guys, where did you search for these actresses. In elderly home, perhaps. Anyway, the leading actresses has some sex appeal and knows how to show it. Again, too bad, that she is too skinny old. All in all, skip these one. 2 out of 10
Curious... 1 Why would a highly classified government agency, under military purview and overseen by a four star general, give this degree of access to what are clearly anti government civilians including one with a known tie to a conspiracy nut in the media AND give them unrestricted communication to the outside world? 2 Especially since the government is willing to covertly murder civilians to protect the project. 3 How can a helicopter fly as fast an an F 16? 4 How do you get a team composed of EXACTLY one Asian, one Latino, one African American, one white woman and one homosexual? ...and that s just the first hour. It just doesn t pass the common sense test.
Okay, maybe the fact that I don t speak japanese and had to use subtitles plays a factor. Maybe the fact that I don t know anything about japanese culture is an even bigger factor. But, I know a good movie when I see one and this is not a very good movie. True, it s different from today s main stream cinema, but being different doesn t make a film good. First of all, the content is not as bad or twisted as reputed. If the violent content is why you re watching this movie you may be .
...And there were quite a few of these. br br I do not like this cartoon as much as many others, partly because it was made in its period. I much prefer cartoons with Daffy and Bugs which are fifteen or so years before hand. Many people will like this, particularly people who always find violence funny, cartoon or not. br br The basic plot is a pretty well known one for Looney Tunes Elmer goes out hunting, Daffy leads him to Bugs and Daffy ends up being shot instead. Also inserted are quite clever and highly entertaining jokes .
... and how they bore you right out of your mind! The Crater Lake Monster is one of the classic BAD films from the 70 s made with no actors of any note, an embarrassing script, woeful direction, and a tireless desire to fuse horror with light comedy. This movie introduces a paleontologist who finds drawings of an aquatic dinosaur underneath Crater Lake...a meteor falls from the sky, and an aquatic dinosaur of the claymation variety begins to terrorize and eat the inhabitants surrounding Crater Lake. The whole matter is taken care of by Steve our local sheriff. Much .
Hrithik as Krrish and as Rohit put in a good effort, but for me, it wasn t enough to make up for the shortcomings of the film. First of all, the film s first mistake was calling itself a sequel. The moment a movie is called a sequel, people will already have a notion of what they want to see and what they expect. The fact that this movie is the sequel to Koi Mil Gaya I expected it to surpass the first movie. Krrish only surpassed Koi Mil Gaya in terms of the special effects. I ll talk .
Not to be confused with a 2002 movie starring James Coburn. This is an insult to him, and his last piece of work!!! Movies have to have unique names! Is that so difficult. I m giving a bad rating just for this fact! Aren t there enough words in our vocabulary? It really does a disservice to the earlier film of the same title if it is not a remake. It s confusing for the viewer and may take away potential income from the previous film. SAG requires all actors to have unique names, why not the same with .
Although the plot is rather ordinary, this film is generally much better than most blaxploitation entries, thanks to hard hitting direction, powerful performances Kotto is a standout , thoughtful script and multi dimensional characters. However, it is recommended only to those with strong stomachs, since it is exceptionally violent and bloody.
This is the worst piece of junk I have ever seen. Poorly produced, lame storyline, terrible acting. It s not even good enough to be enjoyed as a B movie. Yikes!
This movie is utterly hilarious. Its cast clicks immediately with frame one and takes us on a wonderful ride through spoofing gangster films. The conflict of brother vs. brother appears when Johnny s brother becomes a do gooder D.A. However, the best character is Johnny s crimelord rival, the overly accented Moroni. As Johnny says That man should be arrested for butchering the English language. Check it out on video. It s worth a look.
I actually created an IMDb account just to state how bad this movie was. The bigger Street Fighter fan you are, the more angry you will be at inconsistencies with the film. I knew it would be bad, but this was painful to watch. I don t consider these spoilers but will leave the warning on just in case but more of a vent. These are things you will pick up on and say wtf? There are more, but no need to spoil this already bad movie. 1 Vega is an ugly looking Japanese guy instead of a handsome .
I was pleasantly surprised by how good the movie was. Whether you re a gore fan or a suspense fan you ll love this. I used to dislike horror movies, considered them stupid. But, anyway, it happens I make exceptions. I find something really extraordinary in this film. Rarely have I ever seen a film that has scared the crap out of me but I tell you the truth this film gave me shivers down my neck. Unlike most horror films this one cares about the development of the characters. I highly recommend this film and I m glad that Asylum are finally bringing out good horror movies these days br br I recommend! Enjoy!
This movie is simply awesome. It is so hilarious. Although the skating and other montages are played out, the comedy is awesome. Raab Himself and Brandon Dicamillo are hilarious. There will be moments when you can t breath you re laughing so hard. Plus, there are scenes that you can watch hundreds of times and still laugh. This is one of the funniest comedies I ve ever seen.
I just wanted to say that. I love Gheorghe Muresan, so I automatically loved this movie. Everything else about it was so so... Billy Crystal is a good actor, even if he is annoying. But the thing that made this movie was at least, for a basketball fan seeing Gheorghe Muresan act.
I have not read the book that this was based upon inspired by. This being some of the others are film roles the last work of John Ritter RIP , one hopes that it is hilarious. And it is. Almost every time he s present in this, as a matter of fact. Most of the cast, supporting as well as regular, play off each other well, and the material tends to be great. He plays Paul Hennessy, the father of three teenagers Rory, the typical guy of that age, Kerry, the depressive middle child who fights for causes and .
Oh I certainly agree with the comments here, it was a beautifully done movie almost like a Shakespeare in Love type....its a theatrical setting put together on the silver screen. And since I am a stringent critic, I think the movie was a home run all the way. My rule of thumb is that i don t watch any new actors because they simply cant act and make the movie unbearable to watch, BUT the rookie Kapoor s were amazing. They acted like seasoned actors, especially Sonam I think she could be the Kajol of this era , the Direction was just SLB perfect and even with the simple story line the plot was very elegantly and intricately developed except the quick ending .
Just so that you fellow movie fans get the point about this film, I decided to write another review. I missed a few things out last time... First, the script. Second, the acting. Third, Jesus Christ what were they thinking making a piece of garbage like this and then expecting us to enjoy it when there are no redeeming features whatsoever from beginning to end except when Joseph Fiennes finally gets blown away in a very unexciting climax!!! I can t believe I wasted my money on this when I could have given it to a homeless person or a busker or SOMETHING! Are you getting the picture?
Stephen J. Cannell apparently decided a few years ago that he would broaden his horizons and dabble in horror. The result, Dead Above Ground , is an abysmal piece of junk. Now, had I noticed his name in association with THIS particular film I d have put it back but no, I didn t have my glasses on and therefore I missed it, damn, I really do need to bring those with me while video shopping. First question would be, who the heck is the target audience for this? It s almost like a scary kids movie, but then .
The story of the boy thief of Bagdad as it was once spelled has attracted filmmakers from Raoul Walsh in 1924, who starred Douglas Fairbanks in the first, silent, rendering of Thief of Bagdad, to less imposing, more recent attempts. The best, however, remains 1940 s version which for its time was a startling, magical panoply of top quality special effects. Those effects still work their charm. No less than six directors are listed for the technicolor movie which starred Sabu as the boy thief, Abu, John Justin as the dreamily in love deposed monarch, Ahmad and June Duprez .
This an free adaptation of the novels of Clarence Mulford fans of the Willaim Boyd films will probably feel a little at sea here and the reviews here so far reflect that . But I knew of Hopalong from the novels first, and never cared much for the Boyd films once I got around to them. Christopher Coppola has made a wise choice he has not made a nostalgic Western instead, he has approached the Cassidy story as a slice of what we used to call Americana or what older critics once called homespun . As the film unraveled, .
In watching this early DeMille work, it was once again reinforced to me that early DeMille is far superior to late DeMille. His attention to use of light within scenes is remarkable. His pacing is very good, enabling much to be told in the space of an hour or so. It is a pity that he wasn t as intuitive about the style of his later sound films as he seemed to be in his silent films. This was the first film in which I had seen Cleo Ridgely. She was remarkable, quite restrained and yet conveyed a broad spectrum of emotions. The ending is wonderful.
One of the perks of my job is that when things are slow, I can watch the movie in our downstairs theater I work in a little 2 screen theater in the cry room and still keep an eye on the concession stand. I have seen Italian Job probably 20 times, and I m still not tired of it. The atmosphere reminds me of Ocean s Eleven, although the acting isn t as good. Mark Wahlberg is ok, Charlize Theron appeals to the guys, but Seth Green is AWESOME in this movie. I thought Edward Norton did a very good job playing a dirtbag, although a lot of people disagree. I also enjoyed Mos Def as the explosives expert that s afraid of dogs. I highly recommend this movie, and will continue to watch it whenever I can!
Probably the worst movie I have ever seen. It is so cheesily filmed, the focus is not even on this supposed real half caste , it is more on the crew coming from Hollywood to make the movie. No cinematic significance whatsoever, and if I could take back the almost 1 1 2 hours that I spent watching this film, I would feel much better. br br At first, it starts out giving you the impression it will be filmed somewhat generically, like an actual Hollywood production. However, then they go into the narration of the story, and it s filmed so f ing terribly. It s supposed to be a take on Blair Witch Project really, since they pretty much use what you would think is real camera footage , it s not, don t be fooled. br br Worst movie I have ever seen . . .
Jack Higgins straightforward thriller about a guilt ridden IRA bomber forced into one last job where have I heard that plot before? gets a snarky treatment from cult director Mike Hodges. Mickey Rourke, with alarming red hair, confesses all to the priest Bob Hoskins, of all people who accidentally witnessed the shooting. The rules of the church keep Father Bob from talking, but then Rourke goes and falls in love with the priest s blind niece. They bond at the church organ. What? Really, that s the plot. Alan Bates is around as the top dog mobster who s .
Holes is my all time favorite movie! So far I have seen this movie three times in theaters and am looking forward to purchasing it on DVD this upcoming September. I read the book after seeing the movie and was amazed at how alike the book and movie were. The director of this film did an excellent job of re creating the book into movie form. Also, all of the actors selected to play the roles did wonderful playing their characters, especially Max Kasch as ZigZag. Props to all those involved in making this movie, it was a real success! 10 out of 10 stars, I definitely recommend it for everyone to see!
This is one of the worst Stephen King movies I ve ever seen. This is not the only Stephen King movie that is bad. There are several others. I have never read the book and I probably never will. Spoiler Alert The movie revolves around a scientist named Dr. Lawrence Angelo Pierce Brosnan who uses virtual reality to try and increase the intelligence in chimpanzees. Then he sees Jobe Smith Jeff Fahey , a mentally retarded man and gets an idea. He decides to try an experiment to see if he can make Jobe smarter. He succeeds. When Jobe .
It is set in some fictious Soviet country, terrorists take over a palace and the Scalia character has to come in to save the day. I liked the effect sequences of the Palace in the final scene. If you like typical action, you ll like this film.
After a lively if predictable opening bank heist scene, Set It Off plummets straight into the gutter and continues to sink. This is a movie that deals in nasty, threadbare stereotypes instead of characters, preposterous manipulation instead of coherent plotting, and a hideous cocktail of cloying sentimentality and gratuitous violence instead of thought, wit or feeling. In short, it s no different from 90 of Hollywood product. But it s the racial angle that makes Set It Off a particularly saddening example of contemporary film making. Posing as a celebration of sistahood , the film is actually a celebration .
I am a big fan a Faerie Tale Theatre and I ve seen them all and this is one of the best! It s funny, romantic, and a classic. I recommend this for all ages. It s great for little kids because it s well, Cinderella and great for adults and teen because it s funny and not over the top. I watched it when I was little and I still watch it now. It has great lines that my family and I quote all the time. The acting is great and it never gets old. If you like .
xica da Silva is one of the best Brazilians opera soap ever! the a black slave s story that becomes queen of a small villa when conquering the most powerful man s of the area love, in the colonial period of the brazil dominated by Portugal, that explored its diamonds. The largest xica enemy, violante, bride that it was changed by xica, is a woman of big it influences the Portugal king close to and does to take revenge of the slave of everything. Very religious person, she is a picture of the hypocritical society and religious of the .
out of I watched this knowing what it was going to be like. I knew it would be trashy, cheap, unassuming, and interesting. But unfortunately, this film is none of these things. I went in expecting these things and i had them all shoved back into my face. I wasn t expecting this film to be as good as KALIFORNIA, but i was taken agog when i discovered what it really was. The film is basically just about a couple who hook u with a young outlaw and basically go on a trip to nowhere. While on this trip, .
Tom is listening to one of those old time radio broadcasts, something kids from the 1950s to today would watch on TV. However, they didn t television when this cartoon was made so people got their entertainment from comedies to music to scary stories from the radio. Tom is literally shaking in his boots listening to some story about the phantom. He s actually literally doing everything the narrator is saying, such as hair standing on end, icy chills race down her spine, her heart beats in her throat, etc. Jerry, meanwhile, is watching Tom and laughing his butt .
Cute film about three lively sisters from Switzerland often seen running about in matching outfits who want to get their parents back together seems mom is still carrying the torch for dad so they sail off to New York to stop the dad from marrying a blonde gold digger he calls Precious . Dad hasn t seen his daughters in ten years, they oddly enough don t seem to mind and think he s wonderful, and meanwhile Precious seems to lead a life mainly run by her overbearing mother Alice Brady , a woman who just wants to see .
Everybody wants to be Cary Grant. I want to be Cary Grant. Archie Leach I doubt that the above quotation is on Cary Grant s tombstone, but it should be. Just as On the whole, I d rather be in Philadelphia should be on W.C. Fields stone unfortunately, it isn t , Cary s quote would make a fitting epitaph to a career that spanned more than three decades. All of which has nothing to do with My Favorite Wife it s just one of my all time favorite quotes and I love to use it. What would you .
Perry Mason The Case of the Glass Coffin finds Raymond Burr defending David Copperfield Rick Blaine like magician Peter Scolari from a murder charge involving one of his assistants. A trick involving a suspended glass coffin in midair goes awry and the body of Nancy Grahn comes a tumbling out. br br Nancy was one of six female assistants who work with the act and we learn two things about her. First in a moment of drunken weakness, Scolari got seduced by her and she claims she was impregnated. Secondly she is living under an assumed name and had .
Everything is German perfect in this film. However do not equal this comment to coldness or steel like perfect . Profound emotions are conveyed all along through it. I am a professional pianist composer arranger orchestra Director myself, and yes, for musicians it is immediately evident the 12 yr old kid is ACTUALLY playing. Furthermore, he plays with emotion, virtuosity, sense of humor and wit!. The grandfather is played by great German actor Bruno Gantz who indeed played one of the most realistic portrayals of Hitler I have seen, in The Fall Last Days of Hitler ..or something like that .
I probably give this more credit than it deserves because it s Halloween, I was just at Knott s Scary Farm and I was in a mood to watch a really cheesy Halloween movie. Oh, and it only cost me one dollar. Usually I ll ffwd through a movie like this to get to the good stuff, but I resisted the urge here and I m still not sure why. It was obvious from the opening shots this wasn t a real movie, not even a B movie. It s more in the category of the DeCoteau horror movies like The Brotherhood that are shot on film look video for about 50 cents in fact, I was half afraid any minute one of his beefy college boys would stagger out rubbing himself in his underpants or something .
Tastefully done, almost frightening. The lack of emotion is amazing, but if you were in the business at the time, I can t imagine how thick skinned a madam would have to have been. This movie is more than surface level entertainment, it documents the socio economic and psychological aspects of prostitution in 1917 without being dry. I would watch it again because there is so much going on I m sure I missed something while I was fixated on the sets and costumes. Highly recommended. Being a movie shot in the late 70 s there isn t any overkill for the thrill as if this would have been produced today. Now, if you are easily offended or are looking for a lot of sex and violence, there is surprisingly very little, which allows the viewer to focus on the story and not the skin.
I ve seen plenty of Sci Fi Channel Original movies ever since I started watching them back in 2002 My first one was Sabretooth which actually is one of the more entertaining Sci Fi Channel features in my opinion . Their quality varies. Some of them are average but decent Sabretooth, Dragon Fighter, Never Cry Werewolf, Swamp Devil , some are laughably bad, and then there are some that are truly terrible. Raptor Planet lies in the latter. Raptor Planet, a loose sequel to the 2004 Sci Fi Channel Original Raptor Island, is a barely watchable mess of a .
I pretty much agree with glazedham s review. I will add the following...one of the things that I found most annoying is the fact that Arquette is frequently seen holding a camera while another camera is filming her holding the camera. I don t know why, but this was unbelievably aggravating to me. All in all, I was left with the impression that many of these artists have just taken way too many drugs. If their lives are so difficult, I recommend that they get off the stage and go to a part of the world where they can witness real suffering. Hopefully they will take Arquette and her hand held camera with them. Maybe she will eventually use footage from the hand held camera as it seems to have served absolutely no purpose in this film.
Mel Brooks has brought out a couple of outrageously funny movies, and Leslie Nielson has starred in his own series, but this one measures up to neither standard, alas. One of the problems is that the original Dracula with Bela Lugosi was so perfect in its thingness that, after only a few viewings, it s practically a self parody. In the 1930s version, Lugosi serves some drugged wine to Renfield. Renfield Aren t you having any? Dracula I never drink wine. I doubt that the people involved in the production intended the line to be a joke, but that .
fantastic film, the best ,not!! But it has its moments,my favorite is when zoltan hound of Dracula hopes out of his own dog sized coffin!!!i found this film on videocassette from local goodwill.hard shell case release from EMI .SWeet,the dog seems scary when they shine lights into its eyes,thats about the only special effect I saw hahaa,a cult classic in the making,lets see it has to be ten lines, well this was a turd of a film but gave me hope that I could create an Indy film better than this and release it.Wow, how did they ever get the green light on this turd.though the dog is a nice looking dog.I jsust cant picture a studio exec saying wow this is a truly gripping film.Was it put out asa joke?
This movie starts out great, and sucks you in. Most acting is good until Patrick Swayze with his Texas Twang everyone else sounds British like even the Muslim shows up, and proves that he can t act. You can live with that until the first fight scene where all they all fall to pieces. Why does Patrick Swayze fight baddies with an ax when he just stuck his sword into the ground 5 minutes ago. br br There s further misplacing of swords a few minutes later, and people knowing about other people they shouldn t know about. Other reviewers mentioned Troubled Production and it shows. br br At the end I just didn t even care about the fight scenes, sure, the CGI Dragon was weak, but the storyline was the biggest letdown.
Bobby is a goofy kid who smiles far too much and wants sex. So he buys a van to aid in this quest. The acting is lame, the comedy is pathetic and the script is no more than a loosely strung chain of clich s and cheap thrills. The makers of the film obviously wanted to capture some of the out there craziness of other films of the time, but fell a long way short. They even resort to Bobby slipping on a banana skin, because this will supposedly add comedic value. I m struggling to find a redeeming feature of the film. If you like DeVito, this is another classic DeVito kind of role but he s only a supporting actor and there for clich value.
This is definitely one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Bad dialogue, overacting by the leads and a ridiculous story make for a cable TV movie. It wouldn t have made any money theatrically. The ending seemed forced and contrite. The movie doesn t explain why Freddy is afraid of heights or why he lied to Carmen when they first met. This movie has many negative stereotypes, not only of African Americans but of music industry people, especially the Hip Hop music world. Greed isn t foremost in every music mogul s mind. I don t understand the title change. The original title of Never 2 Big made more sense. Freddy s little catchphrase was only used a couple of times in the movie.
If you like who dun its, you will like this film, considered the best Italian detective story giallo , Fulci has done. br br It s not Mickey Spillane for sure. There are scenes designed to disturb anyone. br br Many would be offended by a local beauty trying to seduce a 12 year old boy. She was joking, but she was naked nonetheless, and he would have jumped at the chance to jump her bones. She also tries to tempt the local priest. br br Young boys are turning up missing, and there are several interesting suspects. You .
This film begins in a classroom with a professor asking his students if it was acceptable to give up your rights for 1 day if the government could guarantee that it could get rid of terrorism. He then proceeds to ask the same question, but extending the time period from 1 day to 10 years. The director then examines two identical situations differing only in their location. The first scenario is of an American woman being hooded, and then abducted by Chinese security forces and then taken to an unknown location where she is asked some uncomfortable questions. The .
Very watchable giallo, which as the English title suggests, wallows in nudity and sex much of it with a seeming wink to the audience . Stylistically and plot wise, it s pretty much giallo by numbers, with the expected camera and editing flourishes and some fairly good suspense. There are plenty of point of view shots of the heavy breathing masked killer, shock cuts, lots of red herrings and obscure motivations, etc. However, it s the outrageous political incorrectness of it all that separates this one from the mainstream the male characters are all cranky and abusive and the .
The Shirley Jackson novel The Haunting of Hill House is an atmospheric tale of terror, which conveys supernatural phenomena in an old mansion. The atmosphere is well set out, and the chills are staged well. A haunting masterpiece. The 1963 chiller The Haunting stays closely to the book, but also adds its own details to the plot. Fortunately, these are very few, and so the terror of the book and the chills are executed even better on the screen. The black and white photography only adds to the creepiness of the movie. Excellent! And then, Jan de Bont made .
What does it mean to be free? Can you make a list of rights? Is freedom doing what you want without harming others? Or is it a feeling . . . ? Can you get it back? Filmmaker Jennifer Fox starts her six hour epic documentary with vague ideas and a determination to get on track. Her life is a mix of liberated and fucked up . She s successful in her job. She has a nice boyfriend. She s also doing long term deep n meaningful with a married guy. And yes, she s totally open with everyone .
Spoilers... if such a thing is possible... . . . . . . . As a rabid Robin Williams fan, I felt it necessary to buy this film as first on screen appearance. Wow... I could not imagine a more mind numbing movie. Essentially, the movie takes one bad joke after another that your uncle Artie would tell you after dinner and dramatizes them. Robin Williams plays a lawyer in a 30 sec skit. I m all for bawdy humor, but this humor wasn t pleasantly vulgar, or ribald... it was just mind numbing. There are no redeeming qualities to this film, other than Robin Williams fanatics, like me, who simply have to own every piece of film.
Drive Thru is a very deranged comedy that seems like it was directed by some pothead like Danny Leiner.Surprisingly, it s not a bad movie.It has it s share of blood, gore, violence, and what horror movie like this one wouldn t have any humor?It s like Eight Legged Frieks and Tremors , except the killer is not a giant spider or an underground worm.I watched this movie for free on Fearnet On Demand a year ago just to see if it was any good.For 83 minutes, I sat through which appeared to be a dumb horror movie, yet a somewhat smart comedy.If you enjoy movies about killer clowns who butcher people, then Drive Thru is on the menu.Would you like some blood with your order?
I remember when this came out it was the first kung fu film ever seen around our way and we were all excited about seeing it for sure .Although the action was mediocre at best it gave us our first taste of kung fu and our first taste of bad dubbing as well as bad film making or more precisely the way Chinese people were making films at the time . They were admittedly inferior wlthout question but there was entertainment value here and that caught on for sure . The kung fu craze had begun and Bruce Lee and The Chinese Connection would soon follow either that or The Chinese Boxer with Jimmy Wang Yu . In any case this film was chosen to lead the way .
Atlantis is a new and right step for a Disney feature. It s a good choice to make a film by such a mysterious legend like Atlantis . I didn t have any expectations for this film, but after watching it, I don t quite understand why this film got so bad reviews. Even in my country the reviewers weren t positive. Atlantis is not a perfect movie, but still one of Disney s greatest, even I doubt that this film ever will get Disney classic reputation. Well, that s another case. It s funny to think that this sci fi movie was directed by the same directors as Beauty and the Beast and Hunchback so Kirk Wise and Gary Trousdale are trying to get away from their monster movies reputation, he he, I m just kidding .
This show had low budget written all over it. Way too much overacting especially with DynaGirl , along with the cheap sets, lame effects even for the mid 1970s , and lame villains. I also couldn t stand the overuse of Electra . I know catch phrases are important to a series like this, but come on! The ones I remember most are the spider woman and whoever made DynaGirl evil. These plots have been used in many superhero series. Come on Kroffts, can t you at least be semi original? No wonder why this lasted only eight episodes. The theme song was kinda catchy, but the rest stunk. At least Deidre Hall had a career after this...
OK, I must say, this is one of the funniest movies I ve ever seen. Not because it was meant that way, but because it was really bad. The electric effects looked like they were put in with paint , a standard windows program. A sword came from nowhere, and even in the final fight you could see a part of the shadow of the camera man. But if you don t take it too serious, it ll be a funny movie. At times I really laughed my ass off. I ve shown the movie to all my friends, .
SPOILERS INCLUDED not that it matters for such a horrible film, though... Carnivorous robots in outer space that self mutate and multiply underground before annihilating everyone on a forgotten planet in the future... does it sound like the recipe for a REAL turkey? Well, surprise, surprise it is. It s hard to even begin shredding this unwitting parody of a horror sci fi. Maybe they should let some of those screamers do the job instead let them loose on the original reels. Good riddance. And take the script too, as you go if you can find one, that is. .
The Grey Zone is a poetic and masterful Holocaust drama based on the true story of Jews who did the seemingly unthinkable by working for the Nazis inside concentration camps for a chance to receive better living conditions and the possibility of staying alive for a few extra months before being exterminated themselves. This is very grim stuff but also an extremely moving and thought provoking look at what human beings in the most miserable of circumstances will do to stay alive, and how through it all they sustain their desire to ultimately fight back. Tim Blake Nelson best .
The director and producers of the movie used symbolism to truly make a statement beyond just the obvious. The movie begs you to come and see it again because of the truth that it shows. The casting was well done, and the scenes, especially that after the death of his grandfather, brought even the hardest audience member to an emotional breaking point. Amanda Leigh Brozana, Wilkes University
This show lasted for most of the 1980s, and had its moments, but plots were usually dishwater thin and often painfully unfunny. br br Terry Scott and June Whitfield were wasted in this sitcom, they both deserved better, but it does provide some fond memories and I have found myself smiling at some repeated scenes. June Whitfield s talent for comedy is allowed to shine through on occasion when she is not being a foil to Terry and she really is clever. br br The 1980s is the last decade where you will find this kind of middle class, middle aged comedy, and many people remember it fondly, but I prefer to remember the decade for alternative comedy and the biting satire of Spitting Image.
Wow, this movie was horrible. As a Bills fan I was really looking forward to it, but this was bad. They should have left it on the shelf it was on for 4 years. I can t believe a guy like Jon Voight would sign on for something like this.
110th Street in New York City is the dividing line between Central Park and Harlem. In the film Across 110th Street that line becomes apparent. The film opens with two white men arriving at a brownstone in Harlem. We learn that they are mob bag men sent to collect the week s gambling receipts from two black associates. Amidst their money counting there is a knock on the door two black men dressed in NYPD uniforms barge their way in,gun down the four men in the room and take the 300,000 they were counting. They then shoot their way .
This film deals with the atrocity in Derry 30 years ago which is commonly known as Bloody Sunday. The film is well researched, acted and directed. It is as close to the truth as we will get until the outcome of the Saville enquiry. The film puts the atrocity into context of the time. It also shows the savagery of the soldiers on the day of the atrocity. The disgraceful white wash that was the Widgery Tribunal is also dealt with. Overall, this is an excellent drama which is moving and shocking. When the Saville report comes out, watch this film again to see how close to the truth it is.
This movie is really to awful for words. They took a beautiful play and comic and turned it into absolute crap. The special effects are so bad that you can t laugh about them anymore. You can on the other hand wonder about the fact that the movie won an award for best special effects at some festival....Why? Are the people who gave away the awards blind? Cause that s the only logical reason I can find for it. And then the acting...Oh my God, even wooden puppets could act better then all those people together in this movie. The worst thing of it all is that Brian Yuzna really could have made a beautiful movie looking at the story of Faust, but he didn t. Instead he made a movie not really worth seeing. In my opinion this movie never should have been released in the first place.
I loved the first season. The quality went down a little bit in the second season, which however had a great middle Pegasus! . Third season was fairly novel and original and was OK. Fourth season started going downhill fast, because they never even began giving us any explanations, when by now we were really starting to need them. What the hell was the Cylon plan? Why were there two Cylon factions? What was the point of Angel Kara leading the fleet to a devastated Earth 1? What kind of a past did the last five Cylons have, and .
While researching Susan Harrison The Ballerina in reference to a Bonanza Episode, I was reminded of this gem. br br This episode is the inspiration for Dylan s All Along the Watch Tower Hendrix s cover is probably as well know and is one of his best which is one of HIS best. br br Thus this episode is responsible for several bests not bad for approximately 22 minutes of television. br br But this is The Twilight Zone . Further comment of the series is unnecessary. br br 5 Characters is typical Serling. Intense, dramatic, barreling toward an .
This is simply one of the finest renditions of Dicken s classic tale. The script very accurately follows the story originally penned by Dickens, and captures a perfect balance between a film atmosphere and a play atmosphere. Viewers fond of either format will find enough of the story rooted in their presentation style of choice. George C. Scott brings a delightfully realistic approach to the character of Scrooge, and is very convincing in the character development instigated by the visits of the ghosts. I found that he was able to win me over to the point where I sympathized with the old miser, something rarely done in other versions. The superb job done by the supporting actors add greatly to this production, which is simply the most enjoyable of all the Christmas Carol versions I have seen.
Amazing performance from Simon Pegg who just gets better and better with every role. As usual he plays the part of a very cringy character who makes you want to hide behind your cushion in embarrassment for him sometimes, but thats what Pegg is all about. The laughs were regular and eye watering and everyone of them aimed at Penn. The movie was very cleverly put together where every character plays a very sophisticated and serious part with Penn being the only humour involved which is a huge credit to the Director Robert Weide. And I cant let this one go without a quick round of applause to Gilliam Anderson who shone throughout. Highly recommended to all.
TV does influence society...just look at the surge in popularity of cappucino shops after this shallow little piece of work debuted. Besides, real people who look as good as these people do don t have any problems. Besides, does anyone really believe that these people can afford to live in a nice Manhattan loft considering what they do for a living? NBC just loves to insult the viewer s intelligence, even if they re just around Gump s level. I know a person who makes 100,000 a year as a web designer and lives in a tiny one bedroom .
Despite having Charlie Lau helping Mathew Broderick s character in his hitting, the high school baseball scenes were completely unrealistic and look like a bad Pony League game. I cannot see a high school coach treat a varsity level game in this manner. Make the umpires look like real umpires, too. Another thing, high school baseball is only seven innings and they are playing in the ninth inning. Come on, a little research here. A simple detail like this really ruins movies with sporting scenes that are filled with these kinds of errors. Being involved with sports, some mistakes like this type of thing can lose any credibility. Movies need to make sporting events to look realistic, especially down to the officials. I see too often referees and umpires in out of date uniforms I mean vintage 1940s and doing things most trained officials would never do.
Having just sat through this it is hard to put into words exactly what the viewing experience was like. The plot is pretty much the same as every one of these type of films Some ancient artifact creates or resurrects a monster, people run around a bit and the monster is killed. What saves this film from rating a 1 is that it is hilarious but not at the points where it is supposed to be . There seems to be more pointless and stupid chases in this film than any I ve seen for a while. The monster .
This seemed to be a lackluster film to me that betrays a low budget with poor cinematography and not all that great of a job of editing. It may be of interest to those who know something about submarines during the World War II era, but I recommend that all others beware. Many of the scenes in this film were flat and some of the actors were a bit weak. The story about the men getting called back to duty during a short leave seems realistic enough, but there s no real pacing or tension in the story. I also had a tough time understanding what the actors were saying, partially due to some strong English accents and perhaps some due to an inferior job of sound recording. I give this a 55 100. Most folks will want to steer clear.
I ve always been a big fan of the film Freaks and think it was very ahead of its time although in its day it was thought disturbing. Freakshow stays near to the originals plot but as a story it loses its moral,in the original you care for the unfortunates of the title and they are the heroes of the film.In Freakshow there is very little character development and you really couldn t care less about them,as they are neither likable or admirable and towards the last 10 minutes of the film they turn out to be bigger sadists .
Hard to believe that director Barbet Schroeder once did the majestic and very funny Maitresse 1976 , and now only seems to do by the numbers Hollywood thrillers. br br This is very lightweight John Grisham material, crossed with the plot of a TV movie. Bullock is Cass Mayweather, a feisty and independent crime investigator specialising in serial killers. Ben Chaplin is her reserved police partner Sam Kennedy, and together they make an uncomfortable duo. Not good, when two unbalanced college maladriots Gosling and Pitt decide to send them on a wild goose chase by planting very clever and .
By now, the game s stale, right? br br The jokes have been done. Its all over. The creative genius which drove this game for the first two games was gone, after all. br br Wrong. br br The game is still intact, the jokes are here, folks. Sure, they re all rehash, but so was Monkey Island 2. And 1, for that matter. br br The difficulty is well placed, somewhere between the slightly easy 1 and the ridiculously hard 2. The ship fighting sub game is badly innappropriate, in the tradition of sub games. And this game has the best joke of the whole series. When asked for your membership card to an exclusive beach, always select You don t need to see my identification. Its worth the price of the game by itself.
Other than it reassembled the characters from the first film and gave them more backstory. Essentially, Lucian the Lycan werewolf fell in love with Sonia the Vampire, a Romeo and Juliet scenario you know is going to end badly if you ve seen the first movie. So with absolutely no suspense, we blunder forward with two hours of unremitting CGI and actors with little or no screen presence. All shot in that monotone color that the first movie had because nothing was shot in daylight. br br Worth your time.. probably not. In fact, the quality has gone down, even the CGI looks like it was done on the cheap, you don t buy for a minute that these are real werewolves.
I ll have to admit that I m at a disadvantage here when I learn more about a film from other reviewers than from watching it myself, then that s a problem. Although the plot of The Man Who Knew Too Much seems generally straightforward, the movie allows too many cryptic elements to get in the way of what could have been a satisfying mystery. By the time we get to the scene where a witchy looking woman establishes the secrecy of the first degree of the seven fold ray , I didn t know whether to laugh or .
Any person, claiming this movie to be a ninja classic film, must have seen this movie before the middle of the nineties or he was less then 10 years before he s seen it. Otherwise I can t explain this classic ninja movie title. br br The fight scenes in this movie are just intolerable. Instead of casting Franco Nero as the ninja, they could hire some experienced martial artist instead. In any way the acting skill is not important in that kind of a movie. Nero s fighting ability is barely of some street fighter in a bar. His kicks and punches are lame. br br There s enough of old action movies with good action. This is just a waste of time.
This film was hilarious Chad Donella did a great job as Sam, a guy surrounded by beautiful woman and trying to win their hearts. I wouldn t call this film the best I have ever seen but it s a film for anyone that wants to have a laugh and to not take the film seriously. Go rent a 100 Women today.
Note Possible Spoiler. Terrific film with absolutely standout performances from both Bob Hoskins and Helen Mirren, along with a fine ensemble of lesser known castmembers. The much talked about climax in this movie is surely one of the most enthralling and riveting in the history of cinema and this is no exaggeration! Bob Hoskings virtuoso performance in the final scene transcends mere acting or descriptive superlatives. He is just stunning. In a brief few seconds, Hoskings exudes surprise, fear, realization and acceptance as to....... The accompanying pulsating musical score from composer Francis Monkman gives further power and emotional resonance to this scene. Your heart simply races along with Hoskins ride .
The idea of teaming Donald Sutherland and Elliot Gould together in a movie must have seemed like a good idea after their success with MASH. Giving them a half decent script would have probably helped a lot though. Instead we have a half baked spy spoof with our two heroes stumbling along from one situation to another. About the only decent thing going for this mess of a movie is the fact that it was shot mostly in France. Vladek Sheybal as the head Russian spy is also quite good he just oozes Eastern European charm . Otherwise, some pretty stupid characters, a few decent explosions and a lot of running around. I hope Sutherland and Gould were well paid for this. Note to producers If you re going to spoof a genre that is no longer in vogue, at least make it funny.
I saw this movie at an advance screening and found it excellent. New York I Love You is a true spin on a romance that explores clever, funny, and sometimes shocking situations around the human race s most powerful emotion. The cast is huge, a veritable Oceans 11 with Andy Garcia, Ethan Hawke, Shia Labouf, Natalie Portman, Bradley Cooper and others. They all give stand out performances in one way or another. That s not to mention that there is a who s who of directors interweaving stories in clever and interesting ways. Brett Rattner, Shaka Kapur, Natalie Portman, .
Is this movie as bad as some claim? In my opinion, yes it is. I wasn t going to comment, noting that quite a few comments have already been made, ranging from awful to not nearly so bad... . However, I can t resist. br br What do you make of a movie that has, on the DVD cover. the phrase the real story of Ma BArker and her boys... , and the standard any similarity to actual persons... disclaimer in the credits? I m not naive, but in this case, it s a pretty relevant observation regarding this .
There are some movies which make you smile and cry at the same time I didn t cry . This movie is that sort of movie. The movie starts with an old man telling the old legend of Water Horse to a couple. The story relates to a boy, who lives with his mother and sister. The military just takes over their house during the war time, and the family is forced to live with them. This boy finds a small shining stone and brings it to his house and in the morning after the stone was brought, the .
My one line summary should explain it all, but I ll have a go at it. From the get go, this movie seemed like an overdone soap opera, and that s about all I can comment on. There were a few interesting scenes, such as the Big one that hit during the middle of the movie, but, wait, what s that? The earthquake gasp , wait a minute! That s Dante s Peak! Well, parts of it butchered and slapped in. I can t believe how poorly this movie was done, borrowing scenes from other, much better films. One wonders what director thought that viewers are dumb enough to believe large wooded mountain esque backdrops exist in downtown LA, ala Dante s Peak. My advise, forget the Bond Wanna be, Nash, in this film and go for the real thing again, someone from Dante s Peak coincidentally.
L Humanit is a murder mystery. These movies tend to be popular, br br and the 6.9 rating it currently has suggests that it has been, too. br br Unfortunately, this movie has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. br br A few non spoilers, for instance, include a 5 minute scene br br wherein the main character eats an apple. And another 3 minutes br br where he breathes. br br In case you were wondering, this is not, in fact, art. Neither is it a br br commentary on humanity, which from the title it seems it is trying .
Although a film with Bruce Willis is always worth watching, you better skip this one. I watched this one on television, so I didn t have to plunk down cash for it. Lucky me. The plot develops slowly, very slowly. Although the first 30 minutes or so are quite believable, it gets more and more unbelievable towards the end. It is highly questionable, if a seasoned soldier like Lt. Waters would disobey direct orders. And even if he would, if the rest of his platoon would. They know he puts them in direct danger, and they know they will certainly die if they follow him, but what the heck, he is our Lt. so let s do what he says despite the direct orders, remember .
A hacky pastiche of Indiana Jones, Lara Croft and a little of The Librarian , with mediocre acting, a non sensical script, and a shape changing sphinx who is alternately mediocre CGI and laughable human. While not as truly vile as some of the SciFi channel offerings, there is little else to recommend this. You could find a worse way to waste two hours, but you would have to try. As usual, everywhere in the world Greece, Iraq, etc. look just like where the movie was shot, in this case Canada. The sets are either obviously something else power .
Great cast except for one huge exception and some nice shots of a beautiful landscape, but otherwise this movie is enormously flawed. Why am I going out of my way to write a critique? Am I just mean? Perhaps, but I have some thoughts that I think are worth sharing, or at least I have a bone to pick because I feel I am owed some time back. This story is unbelievably boring. It is like watching concrete grow or like watching bolts turn. Hardly anything of interest happens. The only compelling aspect is the family s predicament, but .
This could have been a rather entertaining film, but instead it ranks with other duds like Leeches and Rest In Pieces at the bottom of the cinematic food chain. Had they played this flick tongue in cheek, it could have been a very entertaining film, like Re Animator or Dead ALive, but Juan Piquor Simon plays it tongue in cheek in spots but straight more often. The premise of this film is a small community that is besieged by mutated slugs. There is an abandoned toxic waste dump near a sewer line that mutates the slugs into aggressive, meat .
Very sweet pilot. The show reeks of Tim Burton s better films...Edward Sissorhands, Big Fish, Charlie the Chocolate Factory. The cinematography, the narration, the music, the external sets all scream Tim Burton. There has to be a connection, or a STRONG influence, I just haven t researched enough to know where it is. As I ve seen in the forums, yes Anna Friel is playing a poor man s Zooey Deschanel. Every time I see her on the screen I see Zooey. Don t get me wrong, Anna Friel does a great job. Her character is very sweet and lovable and you easily get attached to her. It s more of a distraction that I keep thinking Why didn t they get Zooey Deschanel .
from the comments I saw here, I thought I was about to see one of those rare, forgotten comedic gems, the cast definitely offered hope. However, this was disappointing, there were a couple of good one liners but this was more a drama than a comedy and a drama that seemed to drag and drag. Apart from Fox and Douglas, everyone else was one dimensional and seemed to be saying the same stuff over and over again. There was real scope here for a wittier script, instead it all got rather tedious, 30 minutes could easily have been lopped off the running time. At least it was good to see actors like Douglas, Fox and Hartmann in their prime, its sad to see what has happened to that trio now.
This movie is similar to the play entitled Blithe Spirit written by Noel Coward. The plot of a ghost wife and a medium are strongly linked to Coward s writing. I m surprised that movies of this nature don t acknowledge the original writer s concept. I realize that the public may not be aware that this is a knockoff but it is. Sad. These movies are so expensive to produce. I do perk up when a screenplay is original. I even perk up when it s an innovative way to produce a work that was previously released. There were some samples mentioned such as Topper, etc. .
And lo! Shall it come to pass that amongst thine horror elite shall arise another Sleepaway Camp sequel. For his sins, Vincent Pastore shall be amongst thine above the line talent. Much cried shall be the squealing of Your ass stinks! by yon chubby mentally challenged but endowed with the gift of annoyance camper whom instant death shall be wished upon by all. Looketh no further, guy who guest starred those two times on Flight of the Conchords, ye fate shall meeteth thee in the fry a later with that one overdone french fry. Even though all you have .
This documentary film showed the warts and all frictions that were beginning to creep into the band s interactions. The film was initially going to document the lead up to a live performance, but seemed to lose direction mid course as The Beatles could not agree on what direction to take it. The lack of re release on DVD is not an issue for me. I would like to see the original unedited footage re cut to showcase far more of the impromptu jamming at the studio and the ENTIRE uncut rooftop concert sequence, all in modern surround sound. Paul McCartney has the biggest say in what will happen to the film, for now we all have to make do with old copies of VHS versions of the original film.
you d actually have to have experienced this weird crap in your real life in order to enjoy it. it was just a weird movie about some killer idiot. he was always thinking about murdering his therapist and it was constantly flashing back to scenes, but it was one of those lame flashbacks where they don t tell you it s a flashback and you think it s happening now. it s kind of confusing, but not in a deep sense. it s more like a sense of idiocy and waste of time. like, why am i still watching .
You can t really call Roy Andersson prolific, 6 films in 37 years . Nor can you accuse him of being conventional he doesn t do straight forward , at least when it comes to narrative. You, the Living , his first film in seven years, is like a surreal documentary in which a large number of characters are observed doing nothing very much and if that sounds off putting, let me assure you it isn t. This is a funny, accessible and surprisingly warm hearted movie, a slice of life far removed from that which we normally see .
This movie had so much potential, but never quite found its groove. Sandra Bullock character was one she plays well, but one we ve seen from her often before, most recently in Hope Floats. Nicole Kidman s portrayal of the wild child sister bears a remarkable resemblance to Meg Ryan s portrayal of Pamela in The Doors.
This movie is kind of disappointing. First, Rosie O Donnel is in it. Second, Dennis Leary isn t funny when he keeps his comedy clean. However, there is one aspect that completely saved this film for me the extras. The extras in this film are among the best I have ever seen in a movie hands down. One extra in particular is incredible. His name is Sean Judge. Although he is uncredited, his performance rivals that of Marlon Brando s in The Godfather . He is consistently on cue and never misses a beat. Professionals everywhere could learn a lot from the work of Mr. Judge. Wide Awake will not go down in history as one of the greatest films of all time, but I will never forget the powerful performance of Sean Judge, the greatest extra of all time.
Romantic Comedy doesn t get much better than this. A well plotted, captivating, and 21st century mature idealism of blossoming true love. A film in the same vein as Sleepless in Seattle to which this movie pays homage. Kate Hudson is simply great and more beautiful than ever. Matthew McConaughey really surprised me because he has played this role before without conviction. Also, it was fun watching both Bebe Neuwirth and Mr. Sun Spit Morning himself Robert Klein in their small but important boss roles. This wonderful chick flick for chicks who love movies and guys who love chicks is a real keeper.
This was one of the best movies you could find as a child. I lived with The Chipmunk Adventure from 4 years old to 8 years old. The story of this film was Dave s going on a business trip to Europe and sticks the boys with Miss Miller. While playing an Around the World in 80 Days video game, two villains, Klaus and Claudia brother and sister , round the Chipmunks and Chipettes into an adventure in which the kids must hot air balloon their way across the globe. What they re unaware of is that the game .
This movie is not what it appears to be. Clint Eastwood is not Dirty Harry or a cowboy here. The movie s appeal comes from its careful manipulation of atmosphere and theme. It s a Gothic tale set in the Civil War and as such all the film s action , or lack thereof, takes place inside a house populated by Southern Belles of all ages and shapes. br br The horror comes from viewing the whole story through the eyes of the Clint Eastwood character. Seeing him stranded in the house and held captive by the women is .
well, the writing was very sloppy, the directing was sloppier, and the editing made it worse at least i hope it was the editing . the acting wasn t bad, but it wasn t that good either. pretty much none of the characters were likable. at least 45 minutes of that movie was wasted time and the other hour or so was not used anywhere near its full potential. it was a great idea, but yet another wasted good idea goes by. it could have ended 3 different places but it just kept going on to a mostly predictable .
I was 10, hiding under the dining table, while my parents thought I was asleep, I was watching Oh! Calcutta on the Dutch tv. It was an eyeopener for me, and though it caused a lot of upheaval in the media the next day, it showed that times where changing and that people no longer let there lives be ruled by others but made choices for themselves. In some ways, Oh! Calcutta was just fun. And the music was definately good. It is only a few years ago that it was first shown in Israel...a sign that in some .
So superb was the job Billy Crystal did on this movie that it is the best baseball even sports film I have ever seen. Every detail is meticulously worked out, even more accurately, I believe, than in The Titanic which, contrary to popular belief, had a few inaccuracies . And while a strong effort in getting look alikes can never completely pay off with so many people involved, how about Barry Pepper as Maris? Of course, the most important person. Mickey Mantle s faults are brought out unrestrainedly by perhaps his No. 1 fan, and yet he still comes .
I think it was a pretty good film. It shows how someone grew up in an environment that created a rich and powerful man but unfortunately because of his ambition and the people around him it led to his destruction. It shows that you can t trust anyone especially in a world that deals with a lot of money and envy.The character that I mostly liked was Sebeva. She was another ambitious, powerful and ruthless woman in a man s world who loved and respected Kilo. She also knew that business was business and a dangerous one. Everything she did was risky but got the job done. She helped Kilo become rich with her connections. Overall, I really liked this film and have it in my collection and waiting for El Padrino 2.
Not an easy film to like at first with both the lead characters quite unlikeable but luckily the heart and soul of the film is Paula Sage s touching performance which drives the film into uncharted waters and transcends the rather awkward storyline. This gives the film a feeling of real truth and makes you think you ve seen something special. 7 10
Despite having a hard time understanding the accents during first few minutes of the movie, I really liked this film. It gives you a glimpse of what is like growing up gay, going to school being bullied, and having to hide your relationship. Every scene in the movie is perfect. The scene during the dance where Carter s and Dixon s eyes meet gives me goosebumps, and the scene where Dixon was beating the crap out of Carter to prove he wasn t gay was just disheartening. Overall, I like this film.
Although Super Mario 64 isn t like the rest of the games in the series, it is still a classic and is every bit as good as the old games. Games with this much replay value are few and far between. Plus, this game has so much variety. There are 15 levels each with several different tasks you can do, and many other hidden tasks. The game isn t very challenging, but its lack of challenge doesn t take away from the game at all. Once you beat it, you ll want to erase your game and start again. And its just as much fun the second time, or third time, or two hundredth time. A must own for any Nintendo 64 owner, and is a reason in itself to own a Nintendo 64.
One of the main problems in The Comedy of Power is that, ironically, there is no comedy. If obvious little puns and predictable little jokes are comedy, then I am way out of it. This film, now playing at the IFC center, is Claude Chabrol in rotten fois gras and Isabelle Huppert in a rotten package of canned meat,and yes, it really is that disappointing. The film follows a chronicle that we all have heard of before, except this time, Chabrol thinks he can make magic out of Huppert. The story line, best as follows, is about a lazy .
I rented this some years ago, the video store had only VHS at the time. Straight to video was hitting it s strides you know, where the box covers use the same font and color schemes of successful films .I didn t know what to expect other than what was printed. First thing I thought while watching was what the hells wrong with the sound? Obviously there was no dialogue dubbing. Words echoed, so I stopped munching on whatever I had to pay closer attention mind you there s no Shakespeare here!,just simple talk. The story is simple enough, boy meets girl etc.. What struck me as humorous and heartfelt was, the people in the movie didn t seem like caricatures written into the story,but rather non actors plucked temporarily from their real jobs uniforms included .
For me, Pink Flamingos lived up to it s reputation as being the shocking, disgusting, repulsive, trashy film I was expecting it to be, that really contains everything but the kitchen sink. We are treated to almost two hours of nastiness that never lets up rape, sex, sex with chickens, transsexuals, castration, murder, cannibalism, and a horrid display of singing out ones anus. It is about a strange couple who begin a competition with a trailer trash family, trying to steal their title as the filthiest people alive . Divine a fat guy in drag is an unbelievably vile .
Agatha Christie must be turning in her grave with the recent daft tarting up of her excellent plot, i.e. the reconstruction of the crime in the denouement of 4 50 from Paddington . I refer to the series Marple starring Geraldine McEwan, not to be confused with the previous series starring the excellent Joan Hickson. To have made this said reconstruction possible the two trains would have needed to be timed to the second, an event I find extremely implausible. Just as Agatha Christie would have. Even in the Fifties people were complaining of late trains and the British .
The worst film ever made, bar none. Give yourself a pat on the back if you can possibly sit through every excruciatingly painful minute of it. Except for the bit where the hard luck loser turned deranged psychopath from forced medical experimentation pours his pea soup on the doctor s head and laughs like any good raving lunatic should...that s all.
The immense talent of Meryl Streep and some amazing body special effects are not enough to save this movie of being totally idiotic and a huge bore. The story is stupidly told even for a fantastic comedy and lacks a lot of real imagination. The gags shown along the movie are not funny at all. The final scene is so silly that almost makes you cry with despair. We can only regret that Miss Streep s talent is wasted in such a crap movie. But in fact this story of living dead could have been much better filmed in the hands of more talented director than Robert Zemeckis of whom I can t remember having seen any good movie till now.
Ballad of a Soldier is an exciting tale of a young soldier s adventure while returning home on leave. The cinematography is reminiscent of Truffaut or Bergman, and the pacing is excellent. Although not as shockingly realistic as Come and See, this film portrays the pain Russia was dealt during WWII. There does seem to be a good bit of propaganda for the Russian Army the way all the commanding officers are big softies and frequently bend the rules , and this does seem rather disingenuous. Unilke the kindness and respect portrayed in Grand Illusion Renoir s account of prison camp civility from WWI , Ballad of a Soldier leans a bit more toward Triumph of the Will in its seemingly unrealistic depiction of authority figures. Having said that, I thoroughly enjoyed this film and would say its criticisms are dwarfed by its triumphs.
This is a fun little spoof of the crappy 80 s style horror flicks we grew up with... the twist the same kinda hook that Scream used about five years later is that the hero is a guy who s seen so many of said crappy horror flicks that he realizes that he might actually be IN a crappy horror flick, then uses it to his advantage. The best news tho is that the new DVD edition of There s Nothing.. not only has a MUCH better transfer than the earlier video release and is letterboxed , but also .
Like wearing a hair shirt. Positively, absolutely, without a shadow of a doubt one of the worst movies ever. Pure torture. Zero stars out of ten. One long, tedious, labored, pretentious, self conscious, theatrical, and leadenly artsy scene after another. Intended to be dreamlike and impressionistic, the soul bared, it is, instead, morose mush. Half naked, father and son grope and whisper to each other like lovers. Homo erotic is the point, loud and clear. OK, so what? Repeated more than once by the son is the line, supposedly lifted from Lives of the Saints, A father s love .
Awful! Just saw it and could not understand the concept of the movie. Reading the comments posted almost makes me feel as if I do not understand cinema. The storyline is implausible, the humor crass, satire entirely lost I wonder what was Meyer thinking when he made the movie! And what was the ending all about!?? I fail to see any symbolism or any metaphor. It is plain lunacy in a movie on display. The hero keeps on running and running and running ....... If the movie was only meant to show the assets of the female characters, a la porn flick, it would have passed muster. Only redeeming feature Shari Eubanks has some memorable moments and she is beautiful! Please do not waste your time and money. Will never venture for another weird world of Russ Meyers!
Robert Desiderio wrote a wonderful role for his wife, Judith Light, in Save Me, a 2007 film about a religious group, Genesis. At Genesis, the idea is to make gay men straight. One of the heads of Genesis, played by Light, blames her son s suicide on the fact that he was gay, unable to face up to the fact that it was her rejection of him that helped him along. Her second husband Steven Lang , not the boy s father, is a little more lenient in his views, and this causes conflict. When it s obvious that .
Sex and the City has some great things going for it. The problem is that it s saddled with a number of negatives that really hurt the ultimate rating and review for its six seasons. br br The good things about SATC is that a lot of the conversations ring true to life, the romance stories are interesting, and the characters are fun. br br The bad things is that few women act like complete whores. These four women have so many partners, even going lesbian in some episodes, that you have no choice but to roll your eyes .
Saw a screening tonight at Tribeca Film Festival good news for American Audiences Sony Classics will be distributing Vitus here beginning June 07. Director Muller says Vitus grew out of his own childhood fantasy to be a genius. Other fantasies also play out in this completely guileless, charming story. Teo Gheorghiu is, in fact, a brilliant pianist. Now 14, he played in person before the screening and proved that, in fact, all the musicianship on display is real. The 5 yr old Vitus also plays. Happier, and funnier, than Little Man Tate. IMO, what is thoroughly unpredictable about this .
To anyone not familiar with c.S. Forrester s book this film should be interesting. It is colorful, well acted and depicts high adventure, but to those of us who know the original stories it is appalling. I could hardly sit through it. For some reason screen writers seem compelled to rewrite the stories they are working on. Of course, the spoken word is different from the written word, and there are some episodes that would be difficult to film. But, why do the screen writers rewrite the story instead of just adapting it? In this case the writers out .
Seems like a pretty innocent choice at first the name employee of the month might ring bells with Office Space, and the show Office Clerk. I think not. This isn t even a dark comedy. The director of this movie, whoever the guy s name, was a complete jerk, and has a sick, perverse mind. There is no pleasure in being lured into feeling sorry for a complete loser who cheats on his wife, steals from his top notch job, and lies through his teeth 24 7. The second I walk in to the room when my family are watching it and believe me, they were only watching it more because they were praying that there would be at least some relief, perhaps even some fable in the end, sending a warm message of good justice done and when the good guys look good .
This is an exceptional Film Noir movie that almost merits a score of 9 it s THAT good. Like good Noir, it features some of the ugliest and scariest actors and I applaud the producers for finding such a motley group! Jack Elam, Lee Van Cleef and Neville Brand are definitely the ugliest and toughest looking heavies of the age and here they all work together on a heist. The movie also stars John Payne and Preston Foster. While these two guys weren t as hideous as the other three, they were both well past their handsome prime hence .
Seven Ups has been compared to Bullitt for the chase scene, but does not come anywhere near matching Bullitt. Bullitt has a beginning that builds builds builds. When McQueen leaves the seedy hotel, gets into his Mustang, which is parked under the Embarcadero Freeway now torn down and notices the Charger sitting nearbye, you know you are about to see something spectacular. From that moment on, when McQueen starts that car, begins the best car chase sequence ever filmed. Adding to it is a terrific Lalo Schriffin If I remember correctly sound track. This goes on for a long .
Without Kirsten Miller this project needn t have been completed. However with the awe inspiring beauty and talent that is Miss Miller I would definitely recommend it. It looked as if the other actors were only playing to her strong performance. Wagner s dismal attempt to honor this film was a bit disappointing, but his few scenes didn t detract from being entertained. Mostly my criticisms are with the writing and plot line, the group of talent assembled did a heroic job of salvaging what should have been a disaster. The charismatic Miller delivery and timing were impeccable and believable. She plays that fine line between assertive and bossy but never offensive she is in fact the structural engineer she claims to be. I wish I had seen this on the big screen but alas I was fortunate to rent it before it was lost.
First, it is important to say that as a rule I like Sandler. I feel he was able to roll a successful comic career into a sometimes brilliant movie career. While I generally don t expect a deep experience, he is entertaining and sometimes touching in his work. That being said, this movie was a complete waste of time. Yes, I got the Israeli references. Yes, I got the New York angle. And, yes, I was very alive during the 80 s and the attempts at humor were not lost on me. Quite simply, the material wasn t funny. .
Frankie Muniz plays Jason who is a high school student. His biggest problem is his life is built on small or big lies that puts him into trouble most times. However, he cannot escape from his teacher and he finishes his creative writing homework just before its deadline. While he is biking fast to hand his homework to the teacher, he crushes into a car. As he explains the situation to grumpy man Giamatti in the car, he gives him a lift to his school. But the problem is Jason leaves his homework in the car, the other way .
This slow paced film is beautifully shot, and enhanced by the luminous presence of Louise Brooks as Thymian , who makes a perfect cinematic illustration of innocence under attack. But the direction is so heavyhanded that much of the message is dulled. The chemist who preys upon Thymian is shown to be an evil lout from his first closeup, so it s hard to understand why she would ever talk to him. The reformatory directors are sadistic caricatures, and Thymian s father and stepmother are exaggerated hypocrites. The father s acting doesn t help, as it consists mainly of .
I completely understand this movie has a low rating here, but still I give it a 10 out of 10! Why? Because it s a must see for horror marathon lovers! It really has all the clich s! Ranging from talking zombies to drug addicts who get slayed. From a whole variety of f and s words you never knew existed to a big breasted girl who runs trough the forest! It has it all! The soundtrack from Scorpions Ralph Rieckermann how they got him to perform an entire soundtrack for them is beyond me, he must also be .
When i first saw this show advertised to be on Australian TV back in the late 90 s i ignored it thinking it was just capitalizing on the Kevin Costner movie Bodyguard . But then i caught an episode and i wish i had watched it from the start. The partnership between Sean Pertwee and Louise Lombard was so well acted and the structure of each episode was extremely entertaining. It wasn t an overblown TV show that you can tell spent most of its energy in making things explode so that they could put that clip in the .
I have tried for weeks to sit and enjoy the show, but each time it falls short. Each show I am astounded at how reality is left behind. I have boiled the problem down to one thing that creates so many other problem. The show is basically a vehicle for the main star, Vincent D Onofrio. The problem is how they go about promoting him. Normally on crime shows there is a team of people working to solve a case CSI, detectives, forensic pathologist, patrolmen etc. On this show Vincent does it all. Oh there are other people but .
I think that it s great how Chiller picked up this series and showing it for this generation. Film making has come such a long way especially with the special effects and for one to be able to watch archived shows that they never knew existed, they will certainly be able to see the progress compared to now. MONSTERS is neither lame nor spectacular but it is entertaining. It takes creativity for the types of story lines they came up with and each generation seems to have it s own horror series. This particular series was not as horrifying .
Wow, What a wonderful film making! Mr. Im has done it, again! br br His last work, ChunHayang 2000 was a great film, but this one is even greater. Selected as an official feature film in the Canne Festival for the second time in a two year row, this 66 years old director is getting better and better at what he is making of with a Korean culture. br br Simply, Chihwaseon is about a great Korean painter, Ohwon JANG, Seung Up who was considered as a prodigy in the late Nineteenth century. The basic story of this film .
I still haven t quite figured out what really to think of this film By no means it s a mind blowing thriller or even a memorable eurohorror entry. The film moves by slow and careful and the plot development is too tame to keep your solid attention. Heck, even the sex sequence is shot in a dreadfully tedious way. Yet, do not underestimate this production too much and whatever you do don t be misled by the title that has a traitorous splatter ring to it! Even though Cannibal Man does contain a couple of nasty butchering sequences, .
Its about time for a Marvel movie to be great. Blade was good but X Men is a great film. It hits all the right notes and doesn t descend into camp and self parody. Hugh Jackman is amazing as Wolverine, I didn t for an instant doubt him as Logan. His scenes with Rogue Anna Pacquin, also excellent were believable and often touching. Although the rest of the cast didn t have much to do I have high hopes for the inevitable sequel. The whole cast does an excellent job even if they don t have as much .
Slimy, disgusting aliens invade Earth. They attach themselves to peoples backs and control their minds. Sam Nivens Eric Thal , father Andrew Nivens Donald Sutherland and Mary Sefton Julie Warner are all part of separate government agencies who join together to fight the invasion. Not a faithful adaptation of Heinlein s book but still a good film in its own right. The script is good it has realistic, believable characters the aliens are agreeably disgusting and the action scenes are good and violent. Also, with the sole exception of Sutherland who appears to be sleepwalking all the acting is good especially Thal tall, handsome and hunky and Warner beautiful, intelligent and strong . A very good sci fi film. Also, I agree with some previous posters one of the best scenes in the film is Thal s nude shower scene. Woof!
Why has Ram n Carlos Fuentes brought his five college mates to a spooky abandoned school building which used to service the black sheep children of wealth? That answer might just lie in a diary in his possession supposedly written by his dying father. What they come in contact with is in fact a relived episode involving another group of six, with five of them presumably meeting graphic fates at the hands of a sadistic security guard Paul Naschy which occurred 20 some odd years ago. But, as they seek out a way to escape from this place, terror .
A sadly inferior precursor to Who s Afraid of Virginia Woolf this film drags on and on, occasionally reviving your interest only to put you through more selfindulgent maundering and obvious but patently overdone plot points. br br It may list as 111 minutes but feels like three hours of painfully wasted time.
br br Lets swap Murders your wife, my father seemingly innocent conversation between two strangers Bruno Anthony and Guy Haines when they meet over lunch on a train journey. Guy, a solid, respectable tennis player, whose problem is that his wife, the flirtatious Miriam, won t divorce him so he can marry senators daughter Anne, laughs the whole conversation off as a joke. The following week he isn t laughing any more. In a scene of classic Hitchcock suspense, Bruno stalks Miriam through a carnival and strangles her. As he does, her glasses fall off and we see the .
Ah WINTER KILLS , based on the novel by Richard Condon which deals with a conspiracy that killed the president of the United States 20 years ago . I knew Condon also wrote THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE which dealt with a similar theme and was looking forward to seeing an intelligent thriller WINTER KILLS left me cold . It s not a thriller It s a piece of worthless crap , possibly the worst movie I ve seen this month and boy have I seen a lot of bad movies in June . The problem lies in both the direction and the script and seeing as William Richert was responsible for both then he should be blamed entirely for this unfunny farce There s two things wrong with this movie . First off is the way everything is presented in a totally over the top manner .
A much undervalued film that tells the story of a young musician caught in an ever declining spiral of domestic violence. At times difficult to watch, while Morris Day is portrayed as the misogynist, Prince as the knight on motorcycle steed, he is still called upon to twice beat a woman as part of the screenplay. That he can do this and still emerge as a flawed but vindicated hero is credit to the writing. Prince is so free of ego in this film that not only does he portray himself as a narcissistic megalomaniac who beats women, but .
If you re a fan of edgy, surreal movies this is one for you. The film moves at a very slow pace and sometimes it s hard to follow the dialogue because it subtitled, but in the end it s well worth it. This film centers around a mob lieutenant who suspects he is being betrayed by his boss. He takes flight on the island of Okinawa, meets a girl, and takes an unstable grip on his situation. The people in the film live and die and move like pieces on a chessboard. People appear to cease living and become simply tools of a kingpin and ultimately of fate. Some may be turned off by it s foreign label, but it would be a pity to miss this one.
This film basically try to portray the heroism of firefighters by making the whole movie revolve around a American dad with a good heart that puts others before himself. Now I know they try to show Jack Morrison Joaquin Phoenix as a typical American father that is a firefighter but like there is just nothing interesting in about him what so ever, thus when the movie gets to the climax there is just little to no emotion. This movie basically tries to make the life of a firefighter exciting but it just comes off as boring as any other .
I have been watching movies from i think last 10 years , and I must say that i never felt that bad, which I felt after watching this extra large bore movie, it was bad, very Bad. There were songs songs. Nobody should watch this movie. The director has shown Germans speaking English which is so rubbish. Germans does not speak English. in one scene there was a white girl who asked Himesh for autograph. Obv that he must have gave some money to her In the promo they have shown prepare for Laughing riot. But i could say .
I ve also collected many of The Destroyer books, and at one time had close to 100 of them. When I came across this pilot, I sat down eagerly to see how they had handled the character. Two words Very Disappointing. But what can you do in such a short time? The characters were wooden, the plot almost non existent and the production values very low. Having a copy of the program might be something that the hardcore Destroyer fan might covet, most people would simply tape over the program once they watched it. If it had been produced a few years later, and came out on a cable channel, where the idea of a Perfect Assassin could be developed, then it might have had a chance.
I decided to watch this on FearNet on demand for free because I figured well, nothing else looks enjoyable. And it turned out to be quite a good little horror surprise! The film serves as an anthology of four urban legends told from the point of view of four teenagers whose car breaks down in the middle of nowhere. After they decide to build a campfire in the woods, they begin to tell their spooky stories and the movie transitions to the events in the stories. br br The Honeymoon a newlywed couple traveling cross country in an RV .
Farce of The Penguins is one of the worst, most boring, lamest and stupid wastes of money it has ever been my extreme disappointment to have endured. It is so bad that watching it all the way through is in itself a Christ like endeavor. It is so bad, so mind numbingly boring and dull that I found myself losing large blocks of memory and suffering gaps in time as I drifted in and out of semi consciousness as it dragged by minute after stupor inducing minute. Seconds felt like miniature eternities. Imagine watching Dune the whole way through .
This is one of the very, very few films that are so overwhelming that you are very unlikely to watch it more than once or twice in your lifetime other examples are Claude Lanzmann s documentary Shoah and Come and See by the director s husband Elem Klimov which covers much the same unbearable territory but in a very different way . br br I suppose this is just as well given the difficulty of ever seeing a print. br br Apparently it s extraordinarily overt Christian symbolism and admission that there were active Russian collaborators, ensured that it .
Miscasting happens. Susannah Yorke is a luminous young Jane Eyre, and her performance is impeccable. However, Edward Rochester is supposed to be 35. White haired George C. Scott looks and behaves like an arthritic 80. Jane s deceased uncle is in better shape! He creaks and snarls, obnoxious and grim. He looks like an ax murderer who has sent his ax out to be sharpened we re not surprised he keeps a wife caged in the attic! The great love story looks like a sado masochistic nightmare. There is enough darkness in the novel, but Bronte s Rochester is relatively young, athletic, powerful, and charming when he chooses to be. He has a fine speaking and singing voice, a good mind, and a conscience that he unsuccessfully attempts to stifle.
Since childhood I ve found the actors playing the bad guys more interesting than the main characters,at least till about 1970 or so.Many that I viewed in the 1950 s didn t last long in a movie or TV program because they were an early victim to the star.Some eventually went on to make names for their selves but for the most part I liked them more when playing minor roles.Some of those minor role villains are in this movie and I found them very entertaining.There s Neville Brand playing King Fisher,a good performer but sometimes a little bit .
You like a movie , O.K. ....but then you got to explain to other people why ? As somebody already said it , no carcrashes , special effects , free and unnecessary nudities. A family movie , But it s also about life ,family relationships ,a purpose in life , spiced with comic moments and also with the dilemma How you deal with genuine geniuses ? . As parent , friend , neighbour or simple aquintance . We all passed trough those moments in life . What are we gonna become ? Artist ? Lawyer ? Butcher ? Athlete ? Scientist ? Electrician ? Pilot ? Vet ? Carpenter ? Taxi driver ? Did we make the right decision ? Watching this movie I thought about Mozart s childhood or maybe the waste of childhood , sacrifice of childhood he had .
Lost treasure, old west cowboy ghouls, and great special effects. Probably equal parts horror, Western, and action adventure. The story is based on the real life legend of Tumacacori, an ancient Spanish lost treasure of gold, and is a fun romp through the Arizona desert. The music is scored well and moves the film nicely. Billy Drago is awesome as the wicked cavalry saber wielding town Sheriff. Don t expect a typical blood and guts horror pic, there s more here to the legend, as the six convicts look for the lost gold and meet their untimely deaths. Great decapitation scene, and a very cool Harley Davidson horse chase at the end. Rate it a six, maybe seven, but definitely worth watching.
I m surprised that no one yet has mentioned that there are two versions of this same film. The lion s share of the footage in both is identical, but here is where they differ In one version the version I have seen most often on broadcast TV , the group of clerics guarding the gateway consists of the Brotherhood of the Protectors , a fictional splinter group of priests and brothers excommunicated by the Church. In the other version, which I ve seen only once on TV, the clerics guarding the gateway are depicted as priests of the official Church, meaning the Archdiocese of New York or perhaps Brooklyn .
This is not a very good musical. So much is lacking the lead actor can t dance enough for the big production number, the lead actress can dance but is downright homely there s a point in the script where she says she used to be the ugliest girl in such and such a town before Ray Walston turned her into a vamp, and one can t help but think, gosh, is this the best he could do? It makes the devil seem damn weak. That young Tab Hunter is so pretty makes her uglier in comparison just bad, .
You immediately know that you re in for a fun ride here when, in the very first minute or so of the films running time, an impromptu fight breaks out between our hero, played by the always superb Alexander Lou, and a somewhat gaunt looking chap who appears to be wielding what at first sight looks like a piece of guttering! As it turns out the attacker is also ostensibly rather thick as, after being given a quick pasting, he reveals that the reason for his decidedly anti sociable behaviour was that he had in fact resorted to a .
For a film that got little publicity, and few people have heard about, this was pretty good. It s another one of these modern day British crime films that are quirky Snatch, Sexy Beast, etc. . It s not wild like Snatch but it s interesting and it has some rough characters. It also has a corny and somewhat predictable ending but early in the show not late has some neat twists to make it very interesting for the first time viewer. Basically, it s about a low key British male who sends away for a Russian mail order .
In THE BARBARIAN AND THE GEISHA, John Wayne plays Townsend Harris, a real envoy from the United States who was responsible for truly opening up Japan to International relations in the late 1850s. Before him, Commodore Perry basically pushed into Japan with gunboats and forced a treaty upon the Japanese in 1853. Harris, who arrived just a bit later, worked through the details and helped ensure compliance as many of the Japanese felt no particular inclination to honor the first treaty. All this is true and shown in the film. According to some other sources I found, the romance between Harris and a Japanese Geisha is mostly fiction and this romance is much of the focus of this film hence, the title .
This should be re titled The Curious Case Of The Unscrupulous Filmmakers Who Misrepresented A Non horror Snorer As A Shock Film. It s one long, boring tale of a fraternity hazing, a gag so transparent that even Flounder from Delta House could see through it. Jeff East, an actor in the dues paying stage, can be forgiven for taking any work he could get. The same can t be said for Charles Martin Smith, who formerly acted for such cinematic heavyweights as George Lucas and Sam Peckinpah. Once available on tape but, thankfully, not out on DVD. Misrepresented garbage like this belongs in a landfill and nowhere else.
I just watched the DVD version of BORN BAD and found it to be tense, gritty and, near the end, too graphic for the faint of heart. Justin Walker Clueless and Corey Feldman turn in superior performances. For a low budget film, this picture delivers. The depth of character and clever dialogue are two things not usually seen in a Roger Corman picture. Check it out on DVD!
Well, well well. This film has no frills, no polished edges butsomehow it gets away with it. The acting is a little rough in places. A few strange bits . . . Even the person who knew about the killer piranhas still decided to go into the lake. Every victim seemed to put up no struggle, or even made much noise. The Agent that was sent to investigate the whole situation wore trainers sneakers, to any septics who might be reading . The great thing though is that in spite of all these minor niggles, the film really hits .
An excellent portrayal of the last year or so in the life of Rocky Dennis played by Eric Stoltz , a teenager who lives with a hideously deformed face as the result of a rare disease. This is a movie that you cannot help but be pulled in by. It s funny in places, emotional virtually all the way through and bittersweet at the end. Rocky clearly had challenges to overcome and not all of them revolved around his face. His mom Rusty Cher has a drug problem and has a poor relationship with her own parents, and he .
If i was to sum it up in one word it would be hilarious I bought this DVD expecting it to be just live performances and stuff but it was filled with much more! Mike and Joe show us their artworks, we see Chester s tattoos very amusing! and we have 4 of their video clips, plus much more! Mike, Chester, Phoenix, Joe, Brad and Rob are just as funny as they are entertaining! We get to see the guys doing things they would normally be doing. It also includes the making of In the End, two extra songs which aren t on their albums and Crawling sung by Bryson Jones and the Sweethearts of the rodeo all star band. This DVD is a must have for all Linkin Park fans, and fans will not be disappointed!
Halfway through Lajos Koltai s Evening, a woman on her deathbed asks a figure appearing in her hallucination Can you tell me where my life went? The line could be embarrassingly theatrical, but the woman speaking it is Vanessa Redgrave, delivering it with utter simplicity, and the question tears your heart out. Time and again, the film based on Susan Minot s novel skirts sentimentality and ordinariness, it holds attention, offers admirable performances, and engenders emotional involvement as few recent movies have. With only six months of the year gone, there are now two memorable, meaningful, worthwhile films in .
Even though it is one of the weakest works of Hitchcock, the film surprisingly provides rich cinematic flourishes. For a 1939 film, it captures on screen the atmosphere and dark mood of the novel quite vividly the stormy scene, the cave, and the inn with the name board flapping in the wind . It is another matter that the albino parson of the book is transformed into a squire with an unbelievable eyebrow make up in the film who commands his steed to be brought inside his dining hall. Daphne du Maurier s novel was adapted for cinema by .
A splendid example of how Hollywood could and still can take a masterpiece of literary fiction and stupidly foul it up. In the case of the Big Sky, writer Dudley Nichols and company arrogantly assumed they could improve upon a classic pioneer novel by the Pulitzer prize winning author, A.B. Guthrie. In so doing, they removed the soul of the story and any edge and impact it may have had as a film adaptation. The epic nature of Guthrie s book and the evolution of its main character, Boone Caudill, from a naive, Kentucky lad into a hardened and .
I loved Dan in Real Life . A wonderful journey to love story like You ve Got Mail or While You Were Sleeping, but not ridiculously full of sight gags and crude jokes, and not so romantic it makes you wanna throw up. Dan Burns Steven Carrell is a popular advice columnist who can t seem to get things in his own life straightened out. Until one day, on a family gathering trip, he meets and instantly connects with Marie the always beautiful Juliette Binoche a radiant specimen of a woman who seems to be framed in a hazy .
I watched this movie yesterday and was highly disappointed. Heather Graham and Tom Cavanaugh basically had to carry this awkwardly unbelievable script for five hours or however long it actually was . From the beginning, every single element of this movie is unbelievable. This movie made me chuckle several times, but they were mainly out of shock that the director writer actually expected us to believe the many messy scattered elements that attempted to piece this movie together. The movie s focus is Gray Graham and her issues with intimacy. Things get interesting when she realizes that she and .
This rendition of Noah s Ark has set Hallmark s and Turner s reputation back about 100 years. However, the production has it s bright side...a learning experience for neophyte movie entrepreneurs in how not to make a movie br br Where in the annals of Biblical literature and common sense can one find these quotes and situations br br Ok, boys, let s saddle up. It s too bad that God created the sun to shine only during the day when we really needed it at night. We re not kissing...we re only whispering in each others mouths. .
The back of my DVD describes the plot of El Chucabra after his capture in the wilderness,the legendary bloodthirsty creature Chupacabra escapes into the city creating mayhem and panic.As they pursue the deadly beast,an animal control officer and scientist Dr Starlina Davide realize that a vigilante with his own suspicious plan is also tracking the elusive killer for a mysterious research facility run by the diabolical Dr Goodspeed.This putrid horror flick is somewhat amusing,if you watch it under the influence of alcohol.The script is completely silly,the acting is wooden beyond belief and the direction is amateurish.Two rubber Chupacabra suits are easily the best thing about this movie.3 out of 10 and that s being extremely kind.
Some statements may be viewed as containing spoilers. I saw Inland Empire at the AFI Festival and feel it is simply phenomenal. I have no idea what it is about and at the moment it doesn t matter. I actually made an effort not to analyze it and just watch it and enjoy the ride. And a great ride it was. I was afraid what was to happen with the new medium but David Lynch really succeeded in pulling off some beautiful DV. I was impressed. The description of DV he gave at the 20th anniversary screening of Blue .
OK. Finally, a horror film that s done well. As soon as I heard the music, I knew that some effort had been made in creating what I consider to be an almost masterpiece of good ol horror. Zombies, whores, booze, grave snatching and a lot more. A great cast, well acted, well directed, well written there was hardly a flaw. Even the American actors with Irish English accents really pulled it off. I thought that the actor Larry Fessenden looked familiar to me. It was that missing tooth. Finally I realized that this guy was the lead in .
Thirty years prior to THE DEER HUNTER came this movie, an excellent meditation on the effects of war inflicted on the American family as seen from both the war heroes and their wives. A truly ironic title, THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES is anything but since those times have vanished into still images and all that is left is an uncertain future for those involved. br br Truly an ensemble cast despite the top billing of Myrna Loy, THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES focuses more on the stories of the men. Al Stephenson Fredric March comes back to a household that has irrevocably changed as his sons have grown although he finds support from his doting wife Milly Myrna Loy .
This horrible movie was on at Christmastime this past year. I thought I was going to shoot myself just watching it. The acting was terrible and Mary Tyler Moore was so clich d that I was hoping her character had a terminal illness. Poppy Montgomery looked good as always, but the two guys vying for her affection were awesomely annoying. Everything was complete smarm and overly convenient. I have seen episodes of Walker that looked like Hitchcock compared to this drivel. And instead of turning off the lights and enjoying the evening, my wife stayed up to watch the whole thing. If you ve ever felt lower than a Hallmark TV movie, then you have experienced crushing rejection.
It s the worst movie I ve ever seen. The action is so unclear, work of cameras is so poor, actors are so affected ... and this lamentable 5 minutes of Arnie on the screen. My advice from the bottom of my heart don t watch it unless you like such a low class torture.
Antonioni with Wim Wenders some of the best of the best. story character visuals. Like most of their works, it is not really aimed at the children or the childish. Don t miss the genius contained in this one.
Forget Easy Rider Head is THE film about the 1960s. br br Almost laugh as the Monkees reduce their entire career to a one minute TV commercial about dandruff! See the 50 foot Victor Mature try to figure out what the heck he s doing in this film! Hear Frank Zappa with his pet cow on leash tell Davey Jones Your music is awfully white ! Experience the Monkees only live performance as a real rock band play the honest to gosh first ever real punk rock song Circle Sky ! Listen as Davey Jones sings a Harry Nielsen .
Nothing here has been improved upon from the original the first remake, and if you ve seen either, then this is completely unsatisfying. Of all the actors in it, Brenda Vaccaro is the only one I think anyone would rent or tune in to see, not that this does her or anyone else in the cast justice. There is not one moment that you won t be wishing you were watching the original.
wow, i ve seen something worse then cena s wrestling, his acting! wow....don t watch the marine...i went for the laugh factor of seeing cena play in a movie...but it wasn t worth it...they tried being funny, but quite frankly it was just pathetic....there were 43 explosions for crying out loud! bad acting anyone? when his wife thinks he dies, she doesn t even changer her facial expressions...she just shrugs it off like it s no big thing. a very very stupid plot....an ex marine goes to a gas station with his wife...but little does he know...some jewel thief .
Hello I normally love movies. I m 19, I have seen many and dislike only one or two. This one though, the second it finished, I had to pull my sister who had wanted to see it out by the arm and I burst into tears of laughter as soon as I got out because it was such a ridiculously awful movie. br br Why it was awful all the cows had udders, especially bothersome were the MALE ones with udders none of the characters were unique or engaging, except perhaps the main Coyote Dag the idea of cows .
The main reason I loved this movie is because IMx formerly Immature were in it. They were in House Party 3 when they were 11, but they are all grown up now! I was a little shocked at some of the things they were doing in the movie almost ready to tear my hair out , but I had to realize that they were not my little boys anymore. I think Chris Stokes did a pretty good job, considering that is was his first movie.
Okay, I ll accept the fact that he can use all of these weapons without any prior knowledge of how to use them. I can accept the fact that this librarian will take him in, treat his wounds, and put herself in extreme amounts of danger even though he is a complete stranger and, probably, is the last person you should trust, all because he saved her life. I ll accept the fact that almost every character in this movie is a clone rip off of the entire cast of El Mariachi. I ll even accept the horrendous sex .
Having hoped this would of turned out to be a low grade trash gem along the lines of Giallo a Venezia.I was sadly let down as its barely even a thriller,its purely a shot on the road location skin flick with a few crimes thrown in our pair come across on their travels like a knife wielding guy.The plot as it is,vaguely resembles a cross between Mario Bava s Rabid Dogs and Thelma and Louise with a very slight Russ Meyer feel of lets just get naked because we ve got a few ample sized lead actresses. Its gotta .
I saw The Grudge yesterday, and wow... I was really scared, a good thing. I love horror movies, and I really liked this one. There were so many surprise scenes what s the English word? that made you jump in your seat. Though, too much screaming from the audience made it difficult not to laugh. I think the most scary scene was... on the bus, when the face flashes by on the window, or when Yoko s walking without her chin. The make up is also VERY good. Sometimes you could really see it was there, but it was still adding a freaky look to the scene. The boy was very good indeed, so cute without make up and so terribly scary with it on. The next time I hear a cracking noise I will probably feel pretty scared...
I still can t describe this story in few words, is one of those one in a life time experience, its very short but great, you have not a full, crude view of any relationship or the bonds among characters but everything is there. I think what you get at the end is we should say what we have in mind every time we have the chance . The characters were great Ohad Knoller Yossi is amazing, you see feeling like it was real in every move, and Yehuda Levi Jagger is even better. Some of the characters are .
If you wind up watching this film you re watching the wrong film in more than one sense. You want the other Double Jeopardy . Or at the very least another Double Jeopardy . That s the problem with titling a film after a specific legal clause. And the reason why calling a work Murder is to be avoided. Shortly, Double Jeopardy is the story of making out in a police car, a paternity suit, an inexplicable killing, and a unanimous guilty verdict. I was awaiting the unfathomable twist just as it failed to happen. This oddly straightforward piece .
Solid comedy entertainment, with musical interludes, it generates a fast pace that carries proceedings along in zestful tempo through a maze of humorous and chiller complications. Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi and Peter Lorre form a strong setup of sinister villainy. The script contains all the standard mystery film props sliding panels, secret passageways, thunder and lightning and poisoned blow darts. Karloff, Lugosi and Lorre go in for heavy leers and obvious melodramatics of the gaslit era. Kay Kyser and his band offered great entertainment for the people living in the 1940 s who were trying to forget about the horror s of World War II.
without doubt Leslie Neilsens worst movie ever. there were only two of us in the movie theater, which should have deterred us from staying. Its the only movie I have ever wished to get up and leave. The The film was boring, the slapstick is awful, the story line weak, and Leslie Nielsen is most unfunny. There are one or two vulgar pieces, featuring human excrement. A big disappointment. it was shown in Spain as Esquia como puedas , which followed the format of previous very funny movies from Airport forwards. Nielsen plays a secondary role, and his character is definitely second rate. I shall think twice about going to another Nielsen movie without reading reviews.
Dolph Lundgren vehicles have hit DVD every spring for the last few years. Apparently they have done well enough that some studio finally snagged this sci fi time travel flick that has been sitting on the shelf since completion in 2003. John Foster Lundgren pilots a space craft from 2204 back to the 21rst century with the crew s mission to stop scientists from discovering plague carrying meteorites in Antarctica. Naturally, there are traitors on board who want to alter the future for their own personal gains and it is up to Dolph to stop them. This is pretty .
Footprints certainly isn t your average run of the mill Giallo, and that s no bad thing. Unlike his previous effort, The Fifth Cord which was your classic Giallo Luigi Bazzoni s film forsakes almost all of the Giallo trademarks and instead of murder the focus is very on psychological mystery. It s obvious from the outset that this is going to be an entirely bizarre film as the film opens up with a scene set on the moon. Things don t get any clearer after that as the lunar sequence turns out to be the dream of Alice, a troubled woman. Alice is tormented by dreams of an astronaut stranded on the moon, which have apparently come from a viewing of a film called Footprints on the Moon .
This is an okay effort from Jim Carrey. It really doesn t let him prove himself as a genuine good actor, the role is a little restrictive. This film spawned a whole bunch of look a likes for carrey, and it wasn t until Cable Guy came out, that I figured out he was seriously a good actor. This effort is funny, to a certain extent, the butt talking, etc. can be enjoyable. But, after a little while it gets a little tiresome. If want a genuine good comedy, don t rent this one, but if you just are looking for a couple of cheap laughs, by all means rent it.
I am completely baffled as to why this film is even liked, let alone held in such high regard, especially by so many critics who are, otherwise, quite sensible. There is one key word which describes this film to its core irritating. The most easily explained example of this is the director s use or, more accurately, abuse of music. In the first half, a really dull reggae tune is played about three times when once is too often . But in the second half, The Mommas And The Papas California Dreamin is played at least seven times, usually .
The poet Carne disappears didn t he disappeared with Pr vert? and is followed by the judge Carne. The director wants to give his own vision of a youth that he doesn t understand and he doesn t want to. It s a long way from the wonderful Les enfants du paradis !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a really cool movie! I remember first seeing it when I was really young and I used to watch it all the time like once a week...Shadow was my favorite character in the movie. Homeward Bound is really funny and its really cool how they train the animals to do all those things. Parts of the movie are sad though such as when Sassy, the cat, falls down the waterfall, and when Shadow falls in the hole at the end. I have seen the second Homeward Bound but I gotta say its not as good as the first. Shadow is the smart one, Sassy is, well, Sassy, and Chance is the funny idiot. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes comedies, or talking animals. This is one of my top ten favorite movies!
At first I was convinced that this was a made for TV movie that wasn t worthy of primetime. But after a few minutes of dumb struck awe, I realized that there was at least comic value in the over the top stunts and c movie acting. This movie would have gotten a 1 if my wife and I hadn t laughed so hard as we watched it in wonder that the actors could keep a straight face. It was like a less funny spy version of The Big Hit I laughed so much I actually bought the Big Hit DVD with even worse acting. We were disappointed that Nick chose to marry Elena, and not Jim, after all of the hugging and high fives. A few rum and cokes will definitely help it go down easier.
This project, along with Emma Thompson s reimagining of Sense and Sensibility , both filmed in 1995, contributed to the renewal of the popularity on both sides of the Atlantic of Jane Austen s work and the costume drama that the British Television and Film Industry does so well, and for good reason. The talent involved Colin Firth, Jennifer Ehle, Crispin Bonham Carter, Benjamin Whitlow and the wonderful Barbara Leigh Hunt on the acting side, Jane Austen on the writing side, and the BBC on the production side almost guarantees a quality production, but as this is, in my .
Clint Eastwood would star again as the battle weary Detective Harry Callahan, but would also direct the fourth entry in the Dirty Harry series. Sudden Impact again like the other additions, brings its own distinguishable style and tone, but if anything it s probably the most similar to the original in it s darker and seedy moments and bestowing a classic line Go ahead. Make my day but some of its humor has to been seen to believe. A bulldog named meathead that pisses and farts. Oh yeah. However an interesting fact this entry was only one in series .
After having watched this movie Dracula III i thought that they should have kept Stephen Billington as the one and only Dracula in the third movie because he gave it that, how do you say?, mystery and yet at the same time he keeps you on the edge of your seat, your heart rate fast and makes you anticipate his beautifully exotic voice. I also thought that they could have put a little more romance into it between Elizabethand Dracula and instead of what happened they could have kept him in alive. I mean if everybody wants vampires dead .
This is a gory mess and pretty convincing. Corbin Bernson is very much in command of this movie with his slick portrayal of the loony control freak eponymous practitioner. Linda Hoffman plays his cheating wife and she is very easy on the eye unfortunately for her, the little tryst with the pool guy brings severe punishment in a way the good doctor knows best shame about that pretty smile! The last half hour of the movie is devoted to Bernson s character losing it completely and the spotlight falls on a young actress called Virginya Keehne. An extremely talented performer, she hogs the limelight from the moment the braces come off. Nice legs, too!
This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. This, in my opinion, is Rob Lowe at his best. I m not quite sure why this film has gotten such a low rating. I guess you either love it or hate it, but if nothing else, it is definitely worth a rental.
I ve long wanted to see this film, being a fan of both Peter Cushing and David McCallum. I agree that the romantic sub plot was a waste of time, but the talent of McCallum shines through this juvie role. Thank heavens for Turner Classic which aired the show last week. I can imagine that there were lots of problems with children after the war, especially with the way things were throughout the 1950s. Some of the boys are a bit scary. I certainly wouldn t want to met them on a well lit street, much less a dark one. There were some good insights regarding the feelings of a firebug as well, or as they call him, a firefly.
SPOILERS The third and mercifully last of the Aztec Mummy trilogy in the fact that the series major star besides the Mummy actor Ramon Gay, as Dr. Eduardo Almada, was gunned down by the outraged husband of a woman he was having an affair with on May 28, 1960! Still that didn t stop Gay, in him being edited into them from his previous films, from being in a number of future Mexican horror movies made over the next four years after his death. br br In Robot vs the Aztec Mummy we have the once again mad scientist .
Give Sex and the City a B movie treatment and this is what you get. The story is in place and the characters are in place, but it is just put together in a very over the top, run of the mill way that is hardly as classy as Sex and the City SatC from now on . And no, making the characters wear designer clothes does not count as classy! I would understand that the people making this would have wanted to stay away from giving it the same treatment as SatC, but in an effort to do .
Well, that was sure a waste of Dave McKean s talents, wasn t it? Don t get me wrong when it comes to graphic design, Dave McKean may be the best in the world right now. The layered, textured look he can accomplish with just a few pencil lines on rough paper make the efforts of people like Peter Greenaway and David Fincher look like what they are hackwork. McKean has been the godfather of a revolution in the look of comics, film, even magazine ads which borrow the distinctive collage effect he has pioneered. br br But this .
I rented this film in DVD form without knowing anything at all about it, part of a winter marathon of watching a film every night. After several awful American action adventure films Ballistic, Daredevil, Cradle of Life Zhu Warriors struck me as brilliantly original filmmaking. The story is complete nonsense, but I found the film s sincerity, good heartedness and complete lack of irony refreshing, and the film looks spectacular. Sure, the special effects are not technically as flawless as those produced by Hollywood, but the filmmakers wisely are more interested in color, composition and movement than realism and .
The 100 black and white half hour episodes of the early situation comedy Mr. Peepers were originally broadcast from 1952 55 on NBC. Like a lot of baby boomers this and Ding Dong School are my earliest memories of television. Since both ran later in syndication it is hard to tell how many of these memories are actually tied to the original broadcasts. Mr. Peepers is worth checking out for more than its nostalgia value. It represents a very different style of situation comedy than shows like The Honeymooners and I Love Lucy . The genre could have gone .
Pictures that usually glorify a hero have meaning. As an example, Bonnie and Clyde glorified the dynamic bank robbers and you actually felt sympathy for them despite their evil deeds. Why? They were two people caught up in the depression when people were desperate to survive. This film has absolutely no substance. The Viggo Mortensen character soon emerges as a folk hero. Why? He speeds along an Idaho highway on the way to the hospital where his stricken wife has been taking. No one bothers to understand why he is trying to flee everyone. Even worse, when the realization becomes apparent that he is not a red neck terrorist, no one in government wants to help him as they try to save their rear ends. Jason Priestley co stars as a radio emcee who builds upon the story in support of our hero. The ending is absolutely unbelievable.
It would be wrong and reprehensible of me to advise you to watch Killjoy 2, you must have better things to do, washing the car, throwing stones in a stream, but at the same time it s nowhere near as awful as you probably think it is. It s almost a proper film, which a lot more than most straight to DVD sludge can manage. Killjoy 2 is helped a great deal by Trent Haaga s manic turn as the eponymous clown, he throws himself into the role with such fevered abandonment that he almost tips the scales in .
Original Sin is a disappointing thriller starring Antonio Banderas, Angelina Jolie, and Thomas Jane. For those of you who haven t seen it I wont say anything else about the movie except for the solid acting by most of the cast the movie failed to entertain and left me disappointed. The director does an all right job of bringing this movie to the big screen but unfortunately the pacing is slow and the film could ve been a lot better. The only reason I gave this movie four stars out of ten is because of the attempt by the .
Terror in the Aisles might look like the ultimate treat for horror fans but it has, in fact, very few to offer. Granted, it presents a decent and versatile too versatile? selection of horror thriller fragments that are considered classic but ...what s the point? This documentary primarily aims for the horror loving public so we ve pretty much seen all these clips already, haven t we? The only thing really praiseworthy about this project is the editing. If you re into scream queens, chases by vile murderers and that sort of things, Terror in the Aisles has some .
I actually am a student at the school of rock, the movie should be released in theaters sometime in march. Paul can be a dick sometimes, but he isn t as bad as the film portrays him to be, i think he kind of over reacted when the camera was around just for show. but otherwise this movie is great and shows through everything the students go through. it s all worth it to play in front of crowds with thousands of people to. it s gonna be really cool to see how people react to the film, or if it even gets out of select theaters, students got to record a soundtrack with actual artist like the last living ramone, and Ozzy Osbourne. And napoleon from project object, Frak Zappa s band.
When the crypt doors creak and the tombstones quake Spooks come out for a swinging wake Happy Haunts materialize and begin to vocalize Grim Grinning Ghosts come out to socialize Who would have thought that at this point the Walt Disney Company would be at a big crossroad with their adaptations of classic theme park attractions? When the family oriented studio announced the trio of ride based features, many were quick to call Disney executives crazy and desperate for story ideas. Most of the movie going public would have agreed with them after the embarrassment that was The Country .
Never have the shades of modern dating, flashing too quickly from delicious to devastating and back again, been captured so well in film. Brava, Ms. Weinstock, bravissima. Marguerite Moreau s Jamie is so distinct, so rich with idiosyncrasies to a degree that would make most filmmakers nervous, worried to alienate the audience. But the character is charming it is soon clear that her weirdness is merely an accurate sketch of how distinct we all would be, if our most private moments were recorded. So the effect, no matter how original, quite marvellously evokes the real, the normal. While nearly .
Forbidden Siren is based upon the Siren 2 Playstation 2 so many 2s game. Like most video game turned movies, I would say the majority don t translate into a different medium really well. And that goes for this one too, painfully. There s a pretty long prologue which explains and sets the premise for the story, and the mysterious island on which a writer Leo Morimoto and his children, daughter Yuki Yui Ichikawa and son Hideo Jun Nishiyama come to move into. The villagers don t look all too friendly, and soon enough, sound advice is given about .
I saw this movie with my mother in 1960! I was but 10 and just happened to get drawn into this movie about a young Russian soldier trying to get home to see his mom, going through all kinds of foibles and silliness traveling and government red tape presents to him, in the meantime falling in love with a beautiful, kind fellow traveler, and then finally getting to spend a few very brief moments with his mom, with a flock of cackling neighbors standing a short distance away. If this movie doesn t wrestle a few tears from your heart no movie will. Wonderfully acted, beautifully photographed albeit black and white , exquisite portrayal of what moves the heart. Unfortunately, this movie is seldom shown, so make sure to grab a video tape the next time it is shown.
This movie is from Roger Cormen night of the living dead only this time he is executive producer!!The plot of what there is of one, is aliens kidnapp several humans including Adam Baldwin Wyatt Earp . The humans meet some people on board a spaceship. They are in reality aliens disguised as humans. The aliesn leader is played by Robert Englund Wishmaster,Urban Legend,Nightmare on Elm Street 1 8 . Even though it rated R it has a pleanty of nudity almost make a NC 17 . The set are pathetic, the acting very wooden and it moves too slowly!!This movie is almost as bad as Supernova , but at least the public was spared seeing this lame B grade movie from the big screen!!
A man and his wife are not getting along because of the wife s jealousy and drinking problems. When the wife disappears, her sister begins a vigorous search involving the local police, state government, and a television crime show. What she finds out stuns the entire community. Good drama with lots of fine performances based on a true story.
This well known movie could produce a p nese overdose. The main concept is fair but somehow distorted with bad taste. Anyway some scenes will fit perfectly in any film anthology. The plot is simplistic, the porn is too raw, and the parody is weak. The ridiculous subreal ambient created is the most hilarious thing in the movie. The movie is creative in some ways, indeed, and has an artisctical and conceptual value, but the average is mediocre for me. If yo are looking for something sexy, do not look this movie I wonder if sexiness could be found in any porn movie .
I have not read anyone else s comments on this, so this is my response to having seen a video, purchased cheap. I have for a long time felt a great sympathy in the sense of fellow feeling for lesbians, and if these three short dramas did not make all but the most rabid homophobes feel that they were perfectly normal human beings, with the normal human emotions, I don t know what would. The first segment was almost unbearably sad the second had you willing the central figure to defy the attitudes of her equally lesbian friends and .
Delirious, near plot less mood piece and if it s more LSD inspired than the Devil then we must remember when it was made! After a startling SM opening which even itself is not what it seems we move to soft focus and dream or imaginings or remembering . Lots of literary and cinematic references and indeed this is the Franco film that Lang himself praised. Beautiful and mesmerising the film unfolds at a leisurely pace but has a richness within each fold. A rare movie to languish within. Old Jess could make em when he tried. Fine central performances too including the indomitable Jack Taylor and Howard Vernon. I haven t even mentioned the Lisbon locations ah!
Fast Times it ain t. But check this movie out, it has a heart. Pour yourself a drink and enjoy. It s loaded with a slew of just beginning stars. Sherilyn Fenn has her first on screen credited cameo. Chris Penn, Lea Thompson, Eric Stotz, Jenny Wright, Rick Moranis, etc. they all look so young. Oh and if you look closely the cop s wife is Nancy Wilson from the rock band Heart.
This is one of the great movies of the 80s in MY collection that I think about all the time. The Running Man is one of Arnold s best and most different films even to this day and when I first saw The Running Man I was so excited to see a movie like this. I just adore all of the fights and this is truly a special movie. It also has Jesse Ventura, the legendary Professor Toru Tanaka, Sven Ole Thorsen, the beautiful Maria Conchita Alonso, Yaphet Kotto, Kurt Fuller, Richard Dawson, and Thomas Rosales Jr. who seems .
Neat premise, some nifty acting by Dorff and especially Reece Whitherspoon, but unfortunately, this film takes itself WAY too seriously to be taken seriously. This would have made an excellent comedy, and the talent was there in the two leads. Instead, it takes an interesting, original premise and turns it into a preachy borefest. With a lead character like Dorff s, one would assume there would be a little old fashioned, punk rock humor to the proceedings. If I wanted to hear a sermon, I d start going to church or reading Noam Chomsky the obvious inspiration for some of this film books again. Truly a pity, because this could have been a great film.
Big Night is one of those life affirming films that will have the audience exiting with their heads in the clouds,as well as hungry,as food is a central gathering force here. Two brothers,both immigrants from Italy,both run a failing Italian restaurant in New York. Failing, because the restaurant serves upscale Italian dishes or,nouveau cuisine in a blue collar,working class neighborhood that doesn t know or care beyond spaghetti meatballs. The fact that the local bank is just a whisper away from foreclosure on the property doesn t make matters any better. A rival restaurant owner across the street played .
Alan Turing is the man who broke the enigma code in the words of Hunter S Thompson saved all of us from spending our Saturday nights Circus Circus. Alan Turing was a fag . He was so poorly treated by the English establishment that he killed himself. That would have been a very interesting story. The story that actually made it to the screen was useless. Oh, Alan Turing is also considered the founder of computer science but f that let s just make a piece of mindless spooge.
The Duke is a very silly film a dog becoming a duke! But it s a very fun movie. It has some of those corny pranks that many kids movies have, but thankfully! no bodily function jokes, as so many animal movies feel compelled to have! Mostly, it s just dogs being dogs and people being. . . well, people. The good guys are likeable and appealing. The bad guys are ridiculous, and of course, the pun of many jokes. But there is something dignified about this movie, for even though it is silly, it s not out for .
What a misguided translation of what was on stage an absolute jewel. Watching this mess, one wonders what anyone ever saw in the orginal stage production. Utterly charmless, even if it is all in three four time.
Now I know that a lot of black humor pokes fun at typical black things like for example gold teeth. But that doesn t mean that they always are funny. Don t be a menace is an example of this. The urban movie certainly lends itself for satire. The problem is that Wayans and consorts not only try satirize the typical ghetto culture, they also belittle valid statements that are made in urban movies such as Boyz n the Hood or Menace II Society. Personally I think that the makers of this movie should get their heads away from .
I really enjoy this genre but The Cell was one of the worst movies I ve ever been unfortunate enough to watch. While about 25 percent of my audience wandered in and out of the theater during the viewing or left entirely I was dumb enough to stick it out. The main problems with this story there were too many to list all is that with this type of film you have to do two things... one, provide fear of the killer being that they catch him twenty minutes into the film that s gone and you must give .
I somehow expected this movie to be hard and dark, but it turned out to be a comedy, which seriously lacks humour. Therefore the bestial scenes of the movie are terrible, with the antichirist at the end, and so is the humour which just can t make you laugh. If you like to watch a confused priest, who wants to act funny and prevent the apocalypse to happen then maybe this is your movie, but definitely not the movie for me P My personal opinion is that this movie really sux, and i had to write that down, because i saw the ratings here on the movie and expected something good. BTW I also know the heavy metal scene in Madrid and death metal concerts never looked like this! D
It seems that several of the people who have reviewed this movie only watched it in the first place because it was filmed near where they live. How s that for a ringing endorsement? If this movie was filmed near where I lived I wouldn t be mentioning it in my review. It is horrid! Several reviews state that this film is a spoof or tongue in cheek horror movie, it is neither. It is sad to see this film reviewed as a comedy as that makes it not only a bad attempt at a horror film but as .
It s been 3 months and you know what that means...A new Seagal movie. Seagal has really been on role making horrible film after horrible film. Each time every movie getting worse and worse, he s really amazing! I don t really know what to say about TYD, first it s a piece of crap, the story makes no sense at all, secondly he uses stunt men in all his fight scenes, and last but not least a lot of the footage is taken from other movies! It amazes how this guy continues to find work, he comes to the set late and leaves early and because of that his films are full of plot holes and stunt men. Why do we continue to buy his movies, why do we continue to have hope that maybe just maybe he will make a great movie?
Drew Barrymore was excellent in this film. This role is the type of role you don t normally see Drew play. Her typical role is as a woman looking for love. The storyline is also great. When Holly is implicated in her mother s murder she moves to L.A. She moves in with a guy who becomes her lover. But her brother who is in a mental prison hospital for what they believe is murder is almost killed she is wrongfully accused. It is then revealed to her lover that she has Multiple Personality Disorder. After that another woman becomes paranoid when she s around her. In the end though, they find out the truth.
This mystery psychological thriller is I think one of the best I ve ever seen. All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star. You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself. The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the acting coach are fascinating. Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I ve ever heard. You won t forget this movie!
I can not quite understand why any of the reviewers gave this documentary 0 other than for political reasons. No, the film did not investigate both sides of the story, but then surely one film in favour of Chavez against the tides of propaganda against him should be seen as an attempt to balance out the narrative overall especially given A. the history of CIA involvement in Latin America in fermenting civil unrest google National Security Archive and B. the coverage in that country and elsewhere of the clearly faked scenes of Chavez supporters shooting non existent opponents . What is most amazing about this film is the fact that the film makers stayed in the presidential palace all of the way though the coup surely a first in documentary making images of a coup from both sides!!!
The premise is amazing and the some of the acting, notably Sally Kellerman and Anthony Rapp, is charming... but this film is near unwatchable. The music sounds as if it comes from some sort of the royalty free online site and the lyrics as if they were written with a rhyming dictionary open on the lap. Most of the singing is off key. I think they may have filmed with the singing accapella and put in the music under it... The dialogue is really stupid and trite. The movie works best when it is actually talking about the real estate but unfortunately it strays to often into stupid farcical sub plots. I found myself checking my watch after ther first twenty minutes and after 40 wondering when is it ever going to end.
I grew up watching Charlie s Angels on ABC when it was a primetime series! I watched it until the very last episode! Many people may say this show was silly but it is pure fun! I loved this show as a kid and now am taping all the episodes on TVLAND! Of coarse the best cast of angels was the original Kate, Farrah and Jaclyn but Cheryl Ladd was an excellent replacement for Farrah and in some ways, I consider Cheryl an original Angel, as she fit in perfectly and stayed with the series until it s cancellation, .
In Pasadena, Mrs. Davis Joanna Cassidy sends her daughter Aubrey Davis Amber Tamblyn to Tokyo to bring her sister Karen Davis Sarah Michelle Gellar , who is interned in a hospital after surviving a fire, back to the USA. After their meeting, Karen dies and Aubrey decides to investigate what happened to her and gets herself cursed in the same situation, being chased by the ghost of the house. Meanwhile in Tokyo, the three high school mates Allison Arielle Kebbel , Vanessa Teresa Palmer and Miyuki Misako Uno visit the famous haunted house and are also cursed and chased by the ghost. In Chicago, Trish Jennifer Beals moves to the apartment of her boyfriend Bill Christopher Cousins , who lives with his children, the teenager Lacey Sarah Roehmer and boy Jake Matthew Knight .
I saw this cartoon accidentally on television one night when I couldn t get to sleep. It didn t help in the slightest. I found myself staring up at the ceiling, trying to forget that face. I could quite happily never see this cartoon again, simply because of that face. br br Now, don t get me wrong I love fairy tales and nursery rhymes as much as anyone. But this twisted and terrifying rendition simply is disturbing. It is mainly the cruel laughter, and the exaggerated features that terrify me, and I still have nightmares because of it. Please, I urge you not to allow your children to see this. It is far, FAR too scary. Please, I pray you, keep it away.
I had the chance to watch Blind Spot in Barcelona and I enjoyed it tremendously. I thought it to be one of the most captivating movies that I d seen for a long time. One of the best points of the film was to meet new fresh faces and great actors behind them in unexpectedly and brilliantly filmed great locations. The three heroes share a chemistry on screen that runs all across the film making it so thrilling. They are set on outstanding landscapes spotted by such an original eye the DOP s work is just great that makes .
They say that no good deed goes unpunished. This movie or should I say this swill shows that to be 100 true. Spielberg made E.T. and someone made Los nuevos extraterrestres called Pod People in the United States in response. The movie has a boy befriending an alien who looks sort of like an anteater, and some weird things result. WHY CAN T ALIENS KIDNAP THE PEOPLE WHO MAKE THESE KINDS OF MOVIES?! There are plenty of good stories out there and they have to go and make this?! That said, the movie was not a complete waste. Quite the opposite MST3K once showed it. As you might imagine, Joel, Servo and Crow have lots of fun with it.
The above is just one of MANY great lines offered up by the cast of Serial Mom ..... The Sutphins seem to be the picture of a normal 50 s esque family dad Sam Waterston is a dentist mom a FANTASTIC Kathleen Turner is a grand house wife homage to Donna Reed, June Cleaver and such daughter Rikki Lake and son Matthey Lillard seem to be your average teens with a perfect family life.... Or is it? Based upon actual real life events, John Waters manages to bring us another great film and this time he takes dead aim .
Abel Ferrara ? Not a movie maker that will appeal to everyone . He s best known for making DRILLER KILLER a movie far better than it s given credit for and his only mainstream film is BODY SNATCHERS which is a rather unnecessary remake THE FUNERAL hints that it wants to be mainstream because everyone loves movies about gangsters don t they ? , and there are a couple of well known actors in it too . Alas there s an irritating aspect to the screenplay that wants to make certain characters leftists . Why do movies seem to be under the impression that gangsters have socialist ideals ? The British small budget production FACE had this as did the classic ONCE UPON A TIME IN AMERICA .
What a boring movie. While it did have humorous parts, it was just plain boring and lengthy for a 90 minute movie . I believe that the cause was a lack of action. br br When I rented this movie, I expected to see white blood cells combat the evil viruses, but no such luck. It was more that the virus was thwarted than defeated. br br The movie had promise, but since made for little kiddies in mind, it did not meet its potential, in my opinion.
I saw this movie years ago at a film festival, and ended up looking it up here after it came up in conversation with friends last night, partly to prove to them that I was not making it up, and partly to see for myself if there was actually any record of the film s existence, or if it had sunk into some kind of merciful oblivion after doing the festival circuit. In my festival going days, I sat through a lot of films that cleared virtually the entire theatre, and usually took a certain pleasure in being one .
This is certainly the worst movie i ever saw? The beginning is somewhat good, but the end? I still don t even get it! Magical power, 300 years later, goddess, dancing what the f is that about??? The acting is somewhat not so bad.. but some place I could do better for sure!
After all these years it still amazes me how big a blunder this film is. The Buster Crabbe serials of the 30 s were classics compared to this bust. Why did they camp it up? Why did the filmmakers forget that one of the pleasures of the serial was the cheap sets and effects? It s a big mistake trying to make this film funny but then spending millions in special effects that looked cheap but weren t meant to. Why not make it look cheap in a campy style? Have fun with it. Either do it one way .
A sad and pathetic overture in the life and times of Oliver Stone. Sadly, after making so many great films to this point, Stone was forced to rebuild his career after creating this crummy film. Having enjoyed Sean Penn s movies in the past, this seemed a real departure for him. There is very little to say about this film, except it help Stone wise up and create Any Given Sunday.
This movie is the best independent film I have seen. I have 9 hours of college credit in psychology, and this movie hit on so many emotional levels fear, guilt, betrayal, angst, and terror...it truly is a thriller! It should be compared to the independent greats such as Blood Simple, Pi, Halloween, etc... not recommended for young adults, it is undoubtably an adult thriller! If you love Hitchcock, you will love The Man Next Door .
An ear splitting movie, a quasi old fashioned screwball romp designed to showcase singing star Madonna s comedic attributes. She does indeed go far out on the proverbial limb here playing a beyond vivacious parolee attempting to prove she was framed for murder a body was found in the trunk of her car after she ran a red light...big laughs . After an energetic animated credits sequence which is much more fun than the rest of the picture we have nothing to look at but Madonna s black mascara and red lips set off by her platinum hair and .
As Jennifer Denuccio used to say on Square Pegs, Gag me out the door. I would definitely vote this movie on IMDB s Worst movie list. br br Dennis Christopher plays T.T., a guy from Chicago who goes to California peddling his brother s jazz records. He is supposed to be a barney placed in the locals only surfing community. But he acts more like he is new to civilization just try to get through his sex scene without squirming . There are also the on going adventures of the rest of the local population that the viewer must .
I m gonna start by saying that the only reason why I went to all the trouble of opening an account in this site so I could publicly complain about this movie. I was watching it a while ago and I just couldn t stop laughing out loud during the whole thing, since it s just unbelievable the amount of nonsense and common places just one single film can come up with. Although it is to be remarked that the dancing is sincerely amazing which is why I gave it a 2 , that doesn t make up for .
Although I enjoy South Park, Simpsons, Drawn Together, Family Guy and American Dad more in general than Futurama... this one episode is possibly my favorite half hour of animated television of all time. Even if you have never owned a pet, if you don t cry at the end... see a doctor to get your tear ducts checked. The way they built the relationship between Fry and his dog gradually was moving and surprisingly realistic. The change of heart Bender shows towards the dog after he realizes just how much Fry loved it was inspirational. Does the fact that seeing the women wrestle in spandex turned me on more than a little bit make me disturbed? Even if you hate the show, watch this episode ASAP!!!
I loved this movie soooo much! I was first introduced two thirds into it and I was immediately ready to sit down and watch it at three in the morning staying up till five am. The way it is shot is like pure genius! There is a scene in it that is shot from the perspective of the person being murdered and I mean it is aw inspiring! Seriously if it weren t for the way this movie ended it it would have been a 10 on my voting. Point in fact though the ending isn t horrible it .
At your video store, you might find this gem. The human condition in modern times LA. No exaggerated drama, just a collapsing of events that might happen to any group of individuals over time. Helps you understand the joys and desperation of urban life. The direction and cutting are top class. Cinematography and music very much follows the mood and situation. And the CAST!!! Excellent casting and excellent acting. No one out of place or out of character. And it s NOT really as much a downer as you would expect. I gave it 7 of 10. If you havent seen it, DO!
Thank God for Great Performances on PBS. They have brought us another gem in the form of Miss Julie Harris. She not only brings Emily Dickenson to life, she invites us in to live it with her. The joy and pain and all that, and it s REAL and moving and absolutely wonderful. Seek out this hard to find video, you will treasure it forever.
As far as the film industry goes. Most A list actors are way over paid, and the movies for the budget, are only OK. I am not saying this movie is Oscar material! However, for the most part The acting is SOLID. The Director is great for what money he has to work with. Now lets talk about the film! The beginning I liked the no sound and just music at first I thought there was a sound problem and I kept turning the sound up and realized it was all action! Very cool! Nice choice by the editor. .
I really enjoyed North and South very much. I think it is one of the best and most lavish television series I have ever seen. The calibre of the cast is amazing, you have actors from the golden age of cinema , people like James Stewart, Gene Kelly, Elizabeth Taylor, Robert Mitchum and Jean Simmons with other actors who were the new faces of the 80 s like Patrick Swayze, James Read, Jonathan Frakes, Genie Francis, Philip Casnoff and Lesley Anne Down. br br At the heart of the story is the friendship of two completely different men,there is .
I have always loved old movies but this is one of my top ten favorites...it has all the charm, 1940 s quaintness, and good old fashioned romance and it s hilarious, to boot! Barbara Stanwick plays an independent single woman who writes cooking home life articles for a famous magazine...under the premise that she is a married homemaker. Even the president of the magazine is under this delusion. Enter a handsome GI, played by the talented Dennis Morgan just rescued off of a raft along with his buddy. His simple wish is to stay at the homey Inn the .
The narrative was clear and concise but overall the film never caught my interest scenes felt flat and uninspired.. Ghengis khan, historically speaking, had a very interesting epic life but the film failed to capture that instead focused on small skirmishes as a youth and a love story I think I ve seen disguised in a slew of other films. I never felt sympathy nor empathy for the lead yes he had to overcome slavery but then seemed to have an easy ride to khan pillaging, killing and double crossing his way to the top. The one redeeming quality was the photography the landscapes certainly helped the bleak atmosphere of the film, unfortunately combined with the bleakness of the story I left unmoved, and disappointed..
Yeah. The Pod People is a movie that is so extremely bad, you ll OK the TV and yell out at the top of your lungs, It stinks!!!!!! I ve compared this movie with other kid versus alien family movies from the 1980s such as E.T. The Extra terrestrial and the lovable Mac and Me, and what do both of those movies have that The Pod People is missing from sight? A good, well thought out story, innovation, happiness, and not being able to get depression within a single viewing, of course! So do not, I repeat, do not watch The Pod People without Joel and the Bots of Mystery Science Theater 3000, because after watching the MST3K version, I couldn t imagine what this movie would be like without the funny commentary!
Rose and the good Doctor find themselves in a space station that is on a planet that s quite impossibly hovering in orbit right below a black hole. The crew of the station is just as perplexed at that as the two new inhabitants are. Suitably spooky in it s atmosphere and gets better as the Doctor and Rose find themselves stranded due to circumstances out of their control and speaking through the submissive alien race of the Ood, something quite dark is coming from below the crust of the planet. Not haven seen the second part of this two parter I can t vouch that the end is as strong yet. But it does make for one hell of a beginning. br br My Grade A
I don t know exactly how many movies did Clint Eastwood make as a director and or actor with basically playing the same role in also almost the same story every time, detective who makes no excuses and goes in hunt for a serial killer...sounds more than familiar? And Tightrope is exactly that kind of movie, although atmosphere is a bit darker than usual in Clint Eastwood s detective movies, which is a very good thing because the more darker the atmosphere in these kind of crime mystery thriller movies gets they get more exciting to watch. Other than .
Well, imagine, there is one girl who lost her memory, they try to understand using scientific methods what she might be doing in he previous life. The scientist finds a trace of henna in her finger nails, and he concludes that she is a Turk, because that particular henna is grown in Anatolia. Come on, if I go and they test me they may conclude that I am Chinese, as almost everything we use nowadays are made in china. CRAP BIG TIME There are many other problems in the plot. The way Turks are portrayed is offensive, and although wolves exist as a right wing fraction in Turkey, they have nothing to do with the stuff they are associated with in this movie.
This movie is a heavy handed collision of Gorillas in the Mist and One Flew Over the Cuckoo s Nest. Seriously. Somewhere in the muddle is some kind of message about man s eco place in the natural environment. Or something like that. We get Anthony Hopkins living among Gorillas but he doesn t run into Sigourney Weaver, go figure until he gets arrested and flown back to the US to face charges. An eager young med student named Cuba Gooding Jr is volunteered by Donald Sutherland to conduct a psych evaluation on Hopkins. Well, it takes one minute .
What a moving film. I have a dear friend who is in her sixties and for the past 15 years has told me that people don t see her anymore, and she longs for companionship. Being in my late 40s I am beginning to see what she has been complaining about. You are no longer youthful, beautiful or touchable. When May says ...this lump of a body... wow. How our bodies change and how we are told it is no longer beautiful. I love when she begins to change what she wears...the colorful scarf...no longer the frumpy wife. It .
From what I can gather, two main social factors led to the popularity of the gangster genre in the 1930s. The first, and most obvious, was the prevalence of criminals like Al Capone and John Dillinger, who were glorified by the national media. The second was the Great Depression, and how it impacted the traditional notion of the American dream. Families regardless of character or social standing were torn apart amid the economic collapse, and no doubt many ordinary citizens contemplated crime as the route to happiness. Films like Manhattan Melodrama 1934 and Angels with Dirty Faces 1938 place .
In the early 80s, I recorded Honky Tonk Freeway from the cable. Since then I have waited, hoping it would be on DVD. Yesterday I found it. It is one of the best humorous character studies I ever saw. The Old Fashioned episode is priceless. At this time 4 28 02 only two have reviewed it. One hated it, the other loved it. If you have a DVD player, either rent it, or buy it as I did.
It was without lasting regret and with deep satisfaction that, last night, I buried One of the Hollywood Ten to the innermost depths of my mind, hopefully never to see the light of consciousness again. I had followed the progress of this production for some time and was curious as to the outcome. I won t spoil the film for the uninitiated, who love to waste their time, by editorialising the film s content, for there is hardly any content! I knew very well of the Hollywood Ten and their struggle. But after 50 years and a couple of infinitely more superior movies I feel this topic has had its day and should, like the negative of this movie, be buried deep, deep underground. I have two reasons to gripe about One of the Hollywood Ten .
I m a jaded horror movie fan, hence approximately once in a blue moon do I get to watch a film from this genre that has me glued to the screen rather than bored or sneering almost laughing at the gore when I m not supposed to. But perhaps that was the key here, the essential ingredient or rather the lack of it the fact that there is no gore. Just like in the Japanese Ringu , the eeriness comes out of what is insinuated rather than catchup stained limbs flying through rooms as if they had wings. Kairo .
Fellini called his Satyricon a science fiction film projected into the past. His expressive portrait of ancient Rome is a richly ornamented fresco of contrasts variations within a select kaleidoscope of opposites related to the sacred, the pure, the just, and the beautiful. Reportedly a free adaptation of the now fragmentary writings of Petronius, the film also makes fleeting references to various scattered works and myths of antiquity. Even the language is a blend of various dialects and accents, effectively brewed together into a type of primordial soup. The film features a young man named Encolpio and his sometime .
Not the best of the Lone Star series, but it moves along quickly with good performances. br br Introduced as Singin Sandy in the main title, John Wayne as a singing cowboy isn t successful you never even see a front close up of him while he s singing. The actual singer is the director s son, Bill Bradley, who warbles away sounding like many popular singers of the day such as Hutch or Joseph Wagstaff. br br The film features Cecilia Parker also seen in The Lost Jungle serial, Tombstone Canyon, and as older sister Marian in the .
The original pre cert videotape of this changes hands for crazy money these days, it s very very rare. I was fortunate enough to get hold of a DVD R of this, as it sounded right up my street... And the verdict?.....Jeeez! As noted previously, this is definitely inspired by Last House On The Left but the tone is totally different. It s proper early 70s rough ass grindhouse business, sexist as hell, dumb, with sub porno standard acting. It s not disturbing in the slightest however, and whilst the subject matter rape rape and more rape is nasty, .
This... This was, just as I had suspected, very awful. I was forced to watch it in Maths a few weeks ago for some reason, and I found it practically awful. The jokes were lame and used over and over again, and the opening titles were lacking in imagination, and this is the worst bit I expect no film buff is a kangaroo lover. I mean, they do make some quite good animal films sometimes, even if your not an animal lover. Beethoven wasn t too bad at all, really. But this movie... oh, I like to smash the .
Hitler, the rise of Evil is clearly produced by people emotionally unburdened by the horrors of World War 2. Which makes watching a refreshing experience. I think its greatest value lies in its crystal clear revealing of the Nazi mechanism. Of the utterly corrupt ways Hitler used to make it to the top. Having arrived there, this film ends. When on top, the Fuhrer German for leader led his Germany to the biggest most devastating war in history of mankind. Ending six years later in Germany s utter defeat. As a result, Germany lost its eastern provinces about 35 .
With a dream cast of Franco Nero as Swedish mercenary Yod Peterson aka penguin and Tomas Milian Mexican rebel Vasco , a soundtrack by Ennio Morricone and Sergio Corbucci at the Directors helm, this film was always likely to deliver. And it delivers 100 . The story centres around the town of San Bernardino, and a fight for power between General Mongo Bodalo and Professor Xantos Fernando Rey . Xantos, a pacifist with a young and dedicated following, has been imprisoned at Fort Yuma by the Americans. His absence has left the town, and its safe, at the mercy .
In Rotterdam, when Kevin Burke Skeet Ulrich is promoted to chief of security of a multinational investment bank, he goes to a hotel with his girlfriend, the executive of the bank Rosalind Bremmond Katherine Lang , to celebrate and propose her to marry him. However, Rosalind is murdered in the room, and blind of rage, Kevin looks for revenge following the guidance of his chief and mentor Karl Jorgensen Derek de Lint . Soul Assassin is a horrible movie, indeed a festival of clich s. The story is totally unbelievable and amazingly ridiculous the characters are not well developed .
Not a bad concept.I just wish they had taken it in another direction. Its a movie that tries to be interesting by shocking you with bestiality to begin with, which works for most people prudes with weak stomachs .But besides this there s not much to this movie. Its not funny nor is it romantic so please somebody change that label , and since i already knew that bestiality is actually legal most places and a million dollar industry, i wasn t really shocked. But most people do not know this and i thought that how the movie evolved .
This was a romantic, simple funny movie. I really enjoyed it and would definitely say to watch it and enjoy it, Will Smith was funny, fumbly, nervous, sweet and just a simple guy who got hit by Love. It was cute to see him fall for someone and be so nervous and lost as to what to do or say. It was great. He was great, funny as usual. Eva Mendes was better than i expected her to be as well, i thought there were moments in the movie where Will got the shaft, he was doing everything he .
Again, one of those movies that never had a proper release. You will only find it on Japanese VHS, NTSC format. Okay, bootlegs are available but be sure to have this full uncut, or not. I guess that if you watch it uncut nothing happens because in the full uncut nothing really happens. to be clear, a lot happens but it s a mess, storyline goes from here to everywhere and back again. Is it bloody, no, in fact most killings are off screen. Is it creepy, not really, the demon is laughable, those hands are childish, the green .
Except for the better than average acting skills of the two leads, this movie is really, really bad. The cheap production values don t help. Of course, you wouldn t really notice that the production values are cheap if they didn t keep trying to convince you they HAD a production values to begin with. Even for a B movie genre freak like myself, this movie really sucks.
Five young adults head off to Mexico in search of some waves that one of the group s brother said were great down there. But when they get there the brother and his friends are nowhere to be found. They soon clash with demented possibly demoniacally infected locals. The acting was serviceable if nothing special, the mere fact that this is a low budget film, i can ignore that. What I couldn t ignore was the lack of good lighting were a good portion of the movie or the reliance on shaky cam shots during the action scenes of .
I always thought that of all the Disney cartoons, Beauty and the Beast took the cake for being one of the greatest Disney cartoons ever released in 1991. You see, I got a copy of this Disney cartoon on DVD as part of the Walt Disney 2 Disc Platinum Edition DVD series that showcases some of Disney s greatest animated films as it was said in some DVD booklets that came with the Disney DVDs themselves. You see, Beauty and the Beast is the very first Disney cartoon to use computer animation techniques, notably the backgrounds. Directed by Gary .
Like many, I first saw The Water Babies as a child young teen in the late seventies early eighties. It has remained with me since then with its catchy tunes, memorable portrayals, less then successful animation, and a story full of heart, coldness, and ultimately good vanquishing evil. Recently I sat down and saw it again after at least two decades passing, and I noticed THIS time around its striking similarities to The Wizard of Oz. No, these aren t blatant likenesses but hear me out. In this one we have a boy and his dog having personal problems .
The chemistry between Sally Hawkins and Elaine Cassidy was incredible. They were thoroughly convincing and genuinely likable in their roles. Imelda Staunton played the conniving Mrs. Sucksby brilliantly. Despite the fact that she was a dastardly opportunist, she somehow managed to have you sympathizing with her in the end. Rupert Evans played the slime ball gentleman with sheer charm and snark. He was a scene stealer. The story itself was very unique, as was the manner in which it was told. The Victorian England setting featuring two lesbian lead characters was intriguing and delightful. There were some fantastic and unexpected twists and turns that really kept the audience engaged in the story. A wonderful cast and excellent story made this film superb.
I think it s incredibly hard to write any kind of full scale review to Giorgino, merely because it s one of those viewer dependent, complex, poetical and philosophical movies that are brain wearing if, while watching them, you re trying to enjoy their shell and get to their core simultaneously, yet there are several things which are certain and beyond any doubt for any man of art which, I hope, I am . The first thing it s a certain masterpiece, even of that kind of art which remains through a long long time the second it s .
If Todd Sheets were to come out and admit that this movie was intended to spoof the zombie genre, I would change my rating to an eight. Try to imagine a movie where every scene, line, and even every acting nuance was designed to be a parody. I could probably crap out alphabet soup, rearrange what was left of the letters, and still have a better script. Two scenes in particular come to mind when I think of this movie. SPOILER ALERT! One is when Mike s dad and the other dad walk, I repeat walk down a staircase .
This Night Listener is better than people are generally saying. It has weaknesses, and it seems to be having a genre identity crisis, no doubt, but I think its creepy atmosphere and intriguing performances make up for this. The whole thing feels like one of those fireside this happened to a friend of a friend of mine ghost stories. One big complaint about the movie is the pacing but the slow and sometimes awkward pacing is deliberate. Everything that unfolds in this movie is kept well within the realm of possibility, and real life just sort of plods along .
As a Dutchman it is hard to judge the historical content of the film. What I ve seen was very interesting. Considering the fact it is made after a true story it makes it even more special. The film covers many aspects of life in Brazil in the thirties. Although it is often shown in broad lines it s convinces me. It made me think of the class struggle in my own country. In Dutch you say als je voor een dubbeltje geboren bent wordt je nooit een kwartje when you are born as a nickel you ll never .
Other commentators are way to lenient with remakes of old, cheap, drive in movie fare. Why do a remake that is even more cheesy than the original? Jennifer Rubin is not nearly good looking enough at any of the ages attempted in this film for this role, not to mention that I confess that I spoke too soon in my comments on the remake of Not of This Earth regarding ridiculously skinny actresses. Like that movie the sets got worse as the movie progressed until some of the scenes looked like they were filmed inside a big packing box. .
Talk about over use of melodrama. I cannot understand how audience is expected to digest this pathetic excuse of a movie. Something like this is better left as a reality show or made for TV movie or for some saas bahu kind of soap opera. From the time Madhuri received the call and has the first meeting with Ahshaye, the rest of movie is entirely predictable. There is absolutely nothing in the movie that is worthy of mention apart from a couple of good scenes by Raghuvir Yadav and Irfaan Khan, which is why this gets 3 and not .
These guys really were on fire. What a truly great DVD this is. Truth be said, Queen weren t popular after their disasterous Hot Space album. But this is the tour, and they done the disco songs like Staying Power , Back Chat and Action This Day and transformed them into traditional Queen stage classics. But this album apparently killed their success in America. But there are still loads of devoted American Queen fans as much as there are British. They are a great band with an awesome universal appeal. This is a different sounding concert if compared to Live at Wembley 86 . Queen were going through a transitional stage. But they still showed cynics that they still knew how to rock.
Two college buddies one an uptight nerd, the other a rude slob embark on a road trip through the country. On the way, they encounter a vicious vehicle that looks like an army tank combined with a monster truck, that tries to run their car over. They escape it, but only enrage the mysterious and dangerous driver more when one of them takes a leak in the top hatch while at a rest stop. Later on, they pick up a sexy hitchhiker who ends up getting involved in their life threatening situation. MONSTER MAN is an extremely entertaining horror comedy that has some good suspenseful moments as well as some good gory ones. The two lead characters and their constant bickering is fun to watch all on its own and the end takes a TCM like turn which was very well done. Absolutely worth checking out.
Futurama is of course a great comic series. But this episode shows more than any other how it can strike a bittersweet, serious note as well with its spin on the familiar flashback of Fry s last day in the 20th century. This time, instead of seeing that Fry s coming to the future was not entirely as it appeared in the first episode, The Why of Fry season 4 we get to see another aspect of his life that was left behind his faithful dog Seymour. As the episode unfolds we learn what happened to Seymour after Fry .
I think the people who just reject this film out of hand should really rent American Pimp or some other documentary on prostitution. The question you really have to ask yourself is, What makes Han Ki so amazing? Han Ki is a form of the superman in pimp form he is superpimp. And the definitive action of a pimp is the turning out of the girl. Thus, you should realize at the end that Han Ki was, in fact, trolling for talent at the beginning of the film. The entire film ties back in on itself, a trope which .
This was Chaplin s first all talking picture, and the results are mixed. The movie is a biting satire of Hitler and Mussolini, their henchmen and their fanatical way of life, especially regarding the persecution of the Jews. It was daring and forward for 1940 and must have made a lot of people squirm. br br When compared to Chaplin s earlier works, this is quite pale in comparison. The sweet, funny style of his silents, in my opinion, is far superior to his first talkie. There are lots of meaningless bits that drag on. If this was a .
Thelma Ritter did steal the picture. I just finished watching it again. I couldn t help becoming emotional in her final scene. She didn t get the Oscar. That s why you shouldn t put too much faith in Oscars. Richard Widmark never had a better part and was perfect casting as a 3 D, flawed human being. Jean Peters was great as the streetwise, tough girl in her best role ever. And Richard Kiley must have been very good why else would I have hated him so. Yes, it was heavy handed on the patriotism but, without it, .
Warning! Some spoilers! br br Matt, a rich writer, is in fact still just a boy in his behaviour. He doesn t care about anyone s but his own needs and couldn t care less about the consequences of any of his actions. Just as he gets to know Nimi and her bonds with her familiy and her communitiy he starts to feel that something is missing in his live. br br He starts to realize that he is in fact lonely and stuck in impersonal structures that are just convenient but lack heart and commitment. Nevertheless he shies .
The movie starts with a nice song Looks like a thriller, with Arbaaz Khan walking around in a suspicious way but then suddenly we are forced to a comedy With the routine stupid idiots like GOLMAAL with Tusshar, Sharman, Kunal and Rajpal acting like grown up kids Their scenes are quite funny first and then get boring There is a bored sub plot of Tanushree s brother being killed Towards the end the film tries to get serious with the villain kidnapping our heroes but here it gets even stupid Then a lengthy bashing bashing climax straight out of .
Went to see this movie with my brother and his girlfriend. The place was pretty packed and we all laughed so hard it was easy to miss lines. I knew it looked like it would be good but it was much funnier than I thought it would be. I liked both Edward Furlong and Christina Ricci, they seemed really weird just like normal people, if that makes sense. I get sick of movies that show teenagers as being like cookie cutter people, like jock or geek or cheerleader ...etc. Both characters were unique but still very human and normal .
How To Lose A Guy in 10 Days was the perfect Valentine s Day flick to check out. It was better than your average chick flick and topped common titles Sweet Home Alabama and Maid in Manhattan. How To Lose A Guy in 10 Days was more of a comedy than a romance. It lacked the mushy wushy and was funnier than I imagined it would be. I was laughing out loud during some lines in the theatre and Kate Hudson performed remarkably. Matthew McConnaghey also did well and was just as excellent in The Wedding Planner with Jennifer Lopez . Therefore, How To Lose A Guy in 10 Days isn t just another chick flick.
Arnold Schwarzenegger stars as a Dutch the leader of a commando unit who must take on a sneaky kill crazy creature who skins his prey and uses their skulls as trophies in this bloody yet well made monster movie which starts of slow but becomes so engrossing and suspenseful you feel drained near the end. Good special effects and a sense of style add to the fun factor.
Raising Victor Vargas is one of those light, family movies that you can watch and do the N.Y. Times crossword puzzle at the same time. And if you want to go to the kitchen for a taco and a Corona, you don t have to Pause the DVD. Just let it roll, cause you won t be missing anything really important. No twists, turns, or tension. It s not really an ethnic movie, it s a movie about a poor, struggling immigrant family that happens to be Latino. They could have been any ethnic group. It made very little .
I guess every time I see one of these old movies from the 80 s it puts me back at a simpler time, no matter how corny they may seem today. This movie is a good one. I remember seeing it as a small kid and thinking it was the greatest movie ever. It has all the heroistic characters that a young cowboy wants to be. Now as an adult, I can look back and laugh and still feel sad, but this time I actually know what s going on. I did find one thing weird. How many people can move to Houston and hook up with Sissy,get married,move into a trailer,have a falling out,cheat, have an uncle die,then get back together, all in the course of a month? Only in America.
This film is being described as a comedy, but it wasn t a comedy at all. Like any Panahi film, it was a very realistic drama depicting the common thread of social inequity and hypocrisy. But it was very funny much lighter than the director s dark and serious The Circle my favourite Iranian film . The resourcefulness of the girls and the banter between them and the soldiers was both completely believable as if it were a documentary and completely hilarious. The filming the actual match and aftermath was astonishing. It added a realism much like Australia s .
This movie which was good in action lacked in the court room scenes. Throughout the movie I was waiting for something to grip me and hold me to my seat, but then there was nothing. It left me with the question, That s it? . The first thing I thought of was when Tommy Lee Jones s character went to the American Embassy and he saw the holes in the wall on the outside of the building. Why couldn t he determine the angle at which the bullets were fired from. There were holes where the bullets did penetrate, so there would have been something to give him hard proof that there were at least some shots that came from the ground. As for the court room scene, I was supprised at the verdict, because there was so little evidence to even help the defense.
Franco Rossi s 1985 six hour Italian mini series of Quo Vadis is a very curious beast, creating an absolutely convincing ancient Roman world shot in matter of fact fashion very few long shots, no big cityscapes , but playing the drama down so much in favour of allusions to classical literature and history that the story constantly gets lost in the background. The shifting structure much of episode one is played out via voice over letters and lack of narrative urgency makes the full six hour version simultaneously demanding and undemanding, and certainly far too often uninvolving, but .
Jenny Wright is engaging as an offbeat young woman a bookworm addicted to pulpy thrillers who is stalked by a monster right out of the pages of her latest read. Nicely set in Hollywood, California, this B flick unfortunately doesn t have the budget to cover its pulp thriller aspirations. Director Tibor Tak cs attempts to build creepy funny tension and atmosphere, but the script by David Chaskin is too thin, and lacks both the wit and panache for Tak cs to get the film over the top. And yet Jenny Wright is a lot of fun she s like a kindred spirit to Joan Cusack . Comedic thriller has some memorable bits, but it needed more production finesse and substance. from
COMING on the heels of that 1970 s Blackploitation Era, CONRACK 20th Century Fox, 1974 offered audiences a low key, sincere and everyday people sort of a drama. Offering a far different fair to its audience which was far more general than those Gansta flicks being a down to earth dose of realism that offered a lonely counterbalance to those shoot em ups . br br REPLACING lead characters that were bad ass detectives, super flies and megs macks pimps Take your pick in terminology , was a lone, humble and meek teacher. The academian we speak of is .
The plot of this movie is as dumb as a bag of hair. Jimmy Smit plays a character that could have been upset by the ridiculousness of the story. He is evil and a wife beater. It s a character as far from his NYPD and LA Law roles as you could possibly get. br br If you ve thought he had the looks and the acting chops to play the really bad boy role, her s your present. br br But!!!!!!!! Mary Louis Parker wears black miniskirts and little black minidresses throughout the movie. br br She has always had some of the greatest legs in the history of the movies. This makes the movie well worth it for this leg admirer. br br I d buy the DVD for this reason only if it was available.
This potted history of the infamous Australian outlaw benefits tremendously from Gerry Fisher s frequently ravishing photography but is ultimately doomed by its paint by numbers screenplay and the star turn by Mick Jagger who reportedly dismissed the film as a load of s t . Frankly, a bearded Jagger speaking in a weak brogue reminded me more of Warwick Davis in the Leprechaun series than it did of a legendary Robin Hood style badman. Shel Silverstein s faux folk songs haven t aged well either.
Minimal Spoilers here What is it about some movies that make me want to write an essay about them? Some are so good, some are the opposite. Night Watch is of the latter kind. It sucks and it took me three trials to finish it since I kept falling asleep and having to restart it. It has so many bad qualities in a high end should ve been good production that it makes me mad. A director given in Russian cinema standards major resources and he comes up with this quagmire. The plot line is muddled, dumb and makes no sense. It s not that I did not get it .
The black vaudeville team of Mantan Moreland and Flournoy Miller appear together as two men assigned to be night watchmen in a haunted pawn shop. One of the gags has Mr. Miller sitting down in an armchair, the arms of the chair grab him, and he shouts Old rockin chair s got me , followed immediately by the song Rockin Chair, by Hoagy Carmichael, playing loudly. A miniature jazz band comes to life and plays. The band is led by Noble Sissle, the longtime musical partner of Eubie Blake. The great clarinettist Buster Bailey is featured in the band. .
For a danish movie, I have to say, that this is very good movie. It s in a class of its own, yet it has an international potential. The movie has a big budget, and is starring famous danish actors, and a few newcomers, who play very well. It can be watched by anyone who like adventures, and a little bit of ghost movie. Don t be afraid, be thrilled!
We all know that Tammy and the T Rex is not meant to be in the IMDb top 250 but it sure as hell does not deserve to be in the bottom 100.Ill admit there are some cheesy and really what the f parts, but it is actually a entertaining film.This was recommended to me by a friend who likes movies like me so i watched this expecting the biggest piece of trash ever.Instead i got a somewhat good film.Denise Richards and Paul Walker play really good parts and though the plot seems very absurd, it not that bad.If your ever watching this just sit down and try and enjoy it.You might actually like it. 7 out of 10 stars.
Lelouche and Trintignant combine for a deft, lighter touch than their normal weighty collaborations. Full of wry touches, there is never a pause in the mind s contribution and nothing conventional to help you catch your breath. This is the kind of movie that you wish Hollywood could make but it never does, full of layers of complexity and wit, this mini masterpiece improves with each repeated viewing.
I ve watched almost all of the Gundam Mech anime that have showed in the US and this by far has the best story. The way its plot twists and turns has u riveted. Gundam Wing is a series that mainly focuses on politics and war. The series follows a group of five 15 year old boys who have been trained to pilot state of the art mobile suits known as Gundams. The Gundam pilots were trained to battle a powerful insurgency known as Oz. As things begin to heat up between OZ and the Gundam pilots, new political .
Classic 90 s time, this is one of those movies that I kind of remember seeing on TV five million times as a kid. I always loved watching it, it had the most incredible effects and I thought it was so funny. I was such a deranged 7 year old I guess. But still to this day, I really enjoy watching Death Becomes Her. It has a very clever story, amazing effects and three great actors Bruce Willis, Meryl Streep and Goldie Hawn. Who said dark comedies can t be good? Death Becomes her shows the true competitive side .
I watched LB from the movie to almost the bitter end and if you d asked me six months ago I would have been hugely complimentary. However time plays tricks with the memory, and I ve recently had the chance to view the early episodes again. I was shocked at how empty and limp the stories were, though punctuated by increasingly spectacular yet predictable shouts with associated danger, drama and of course death. Death was a major player in LB, and Blue Watch would surely have been renamed Death Watch and would have come to national media attention due .
I found Lonely Man in a local library. I can t believe it only has 26 votes on the IMDB. This is not as great as the Anthony Mann films I ve studied in grad school. There is one with Anthony Perkins called The Tin Star which I would recommend more. But, this is still a good Western which doesn t follow the conventional theme structure narrative. Worth a look.
I think I am some kind of Road Runner fan. I don t care how predictable it is, I laugh anyway. Beep, Beep is predictable most of the time, although it is pretty ingenious at the same time as well. Of course the Road Runner is chased by the Coyote and of course the Coyote fails to catch the Road Runner with every new attempt. The plans the Coyote comes up with are very funny. You see exactly where it will go wrong and you will not disappointed. Well, one time you are sort of disappointed, what you think will happen does not, but it makes the joke even funnier. br br If you like the Road Runner shorts you will love this one. The predictable gags work and the animation is great and pretty original at times.
I ve read the book when I was a little boy, read it again when I became an adult and read it a few times more during my adulthood. After I read it again a few weeks ago, I stumbled on the DVD. Nicely packed, comes with a DVD containing extra s and a PC game. But after watching the movie I really felt like tossing it out again as quick as I can. It starts out totally different from what s written years ago. The main characters are quite far off the ones they are in the book .
So much has been said about this film most of it very positive. For those who love films with little plot or character development, this film is for them. It is about loneliness and isolation. It is also very slowly paced. Pretension also comes to my mind because we, the viewer, are asked to accept significant illogical plot points presumably because it seems artful to do so. Come on. We are asked to believe a very attractive, stylish young woman would, after a few dates, agree to marry a much older, lonely man who apparently does not have much .
OK, 3 stars is generous. The only notable thing this movie has for future generations of anthropologists is how it absolutely nails how white people in the 1980s were, just look at the fashion pastels? Open shirts? tight jeans? LAME hair! Wow, bad, but entertaining. I m sorry but I liked this movie, why? Well I first saw it on the Sci Fi channel, then a few weeks later uneditied on Showtime, its much better on showtime, becuz then at least there is some nudity. And, watching it a second time I knew the movie, which for some reason made it more entertaining. If you are up late, have absolutely nothing better to do and aren t in the mood to have your brain work, watch this stupid movie. Yea, I know, I actually watched this thing twice..
This played for maybe a week on a showcase run in my area and I vaguely remember being the on only one in the theater when I saw it back in 1980...maybe 1979, I can t imagine it was 1980, like the IMDb says... Anyway, the little kid in the movie is Gabriel Macht, who was quite good, as I remember and is now an adult actor...he was excellent recently in A Love Song For Bobby Long, with John Travolta. How weird is it to see an actor you knew as a child suddenly, like 30? Lisa Eichorn was .
Objectively speaking, it s hard to argue with those who believe that That s Entertainment! 1974 towers over its sequel. Indeed, the first film naturally had all the classics to choose from, and so director Jack Haley Jr. was able to throw all the very best bits into his film. When Gene Kelly arrived on the scene to direct That s Entertainment, Part II 1976 , he found no shortage of interesting clips in the MGM archives, but occasionally had to settle for the secondary musical numbers from the most famous musicals, for example, having to settle with Good .
Remember the 1966 movie BLOWUP ? That s the movie that claims to be a murder thriller but is nothing of the sort . YOUNG SOUL REBELS is basically the same , it starts with a murder in a park then spends most of its running time going out of its way not to be a murder thriller except for the last five minutes which reveals who the murderer is . I m surprised anyone is still able to remember or care about the murder subplot by the end of the movie since it concentrates more on the soul club scene of the late 1970s .
Who is minding the store here? How could any producer network executive director let a crew stick the skeeziest fakest plastic palm trees in film history in the sands of a wintry Canadian beach and try to fob it off on us as the tropics? Those trees were to real palm trees what a pink tinsel K Mart Christmas tree is to real fir. And who let Dermot Mulroney go in front of the camera with painted on grey hair that wouldn t have passed muster in a high school play? And didn t any of the geniuses doing .
I love movies, and I ll watch any movie all the way through, just to give it a chance. I can finally say that I found a movie I can t watch all the way through. The acting is terribly stale and monotone, the CGI looks like a computer geek did it in his mother s basement with minimal software, and.....the long scenes of just...walking!!!! And this movie is THREE HOURS LONG!!! I didn t even make it 15 minutes until I fast forwarded the DVD. The scenes with the aliens are very short. Ummm, instead of naming this War of the Worlds , lets name this War of the Walking Long Distances .
Despite the title and unlike some other stories about love and war, this film isn t too sticky and pink, because love is as a rose With thorns, that is. The four leading actors set their characters realistic and with a good sense and balance between the tragic and the down to earth. br br The music and lyrics of the cabaret chanson esquire songs sung b Keira Knightley herself drag the viewer deeper and deeper in the film, from one place to another, between the brutal war and amongst the peaceful love. Some people may find it too .
Well, if you are looking for a great mind control movie, this is it. No movie has had so many gorgeous women under mind control, and naked. Marie Forsa, as the busty Helga, is under just about everytime she falls asleep and a few times when she isn t. One wishes they made more movies like this one.
When the credits rolled on this one, I just sat in sheer amazement. Amazement that this thing had such terrible writing and direction. I can t fault Jackson or Levy, they had to do what they were hired to do, I suppose, but this movie is atrocious, and may be the death knell for buddy movies. Average premise, really good villain, and precious little else. A complete waste of time. Jackson had best start picking his projects with more care, or his career is going to go into the toilet. Worse than many direct to video productions. Avoid this .
Nothing s sacred in the world of exploitation cinema, not even Mary Shelley s legendary novel or the classic Universal make up effects on Boris Karloff. And thank the heavens for that, otherwise we never would have seen this wondrously demented Blaxploitation interpretation of Frankenstein. Blackenstein is a delightfully inept movie, some would even categorize it under so bad it s great, and the script goes far beyond simply copying the original Shelley tale. There are even flashes of The Island of Dr. Moreau to be found here and there s another mini sub plot about a rejuvenation serum. .
This was an absolute disgrace! The worst dramatisation I have ever seen. German officer s with a spotless English accent, they didn t even attempt to be German. How were we supposed to take them seriously? Garbage garbage garbage! Leave the German acting to the likes of Ralph Fiennes Liam Neeson in future.
An ensemble of uninteresting and unlikeable characters twist and turn their way through a flimsy plot that might be interesting, if only you could bring yourself to care. This twisting and turning I speak of refers not to the story which contains all the suspense of a recipe for tuna casserole but to the director s inability to keep the characters faces even remotely centered in the frame. On the other hand, Angie Harmon has very nice nostrils and left ear. The only real surprise in the movie is the big names they convinced to do it. When you consider this movie was never released in theaters despite having an all star cast, you might be inclined to think something stinks. And indeed, it does.
One of director Miike Takashi s very best. It s so good it s difficult to put into words. At nearly fifteen years older than the target audience it thrilled me from beginning to end. It recalls similar children s films from the 1980s in the sense that unlike today those films weren t afraid to scare there s a lot of nasty detail here that I initially found jarring but soon realised it s nothing different to what I grew up on. The film is a compilation of 80s kid s films conventions. You name it, it s .
In this wonderful comedy drama, all three major stars go against their stereotyped roles. Clark Gable, for example, plays devoted husband and businessman instead of a tough guy like he usually does. Jean Harlow plays a hard working, good natured secretary, who doesn t seem to know just how damn sexy and gorgeous she is, and no wise cracks! Then there is the lovely Myrna Loy, who plays an extremely sexy wife in contrast to her other wife roles . This could have been another formulaic, predictable film but the stars Loy, Harlow and Gable shine in their roles .
Hey senor! The 80 s were and will be one of the best decades,if not the BEST century in the history of this pathetic planet. The movies were good, the music was good, the environment was good,life was less fast paced and more relaxed and definitely they don t make greats like Buddy and Terry anymore!! Nowadays movies are filled with gory and mindless violence and inane predictable computer graphics. Why even a 2 yr old kid can make a movie these days. There does not appear to be any creativity in todays movies. I grew up in the 80 s and I must say i thoroughly enjoyed a lot. There were many good themes to choose from unlike todays vapid fare!!
This is indeed the film that popularized kung fu in the 1970s. However, if it ever had any kind of excitement or even halfway interesting plot, it doesn t seem to have aged very well. br br Long story short extremely drawn out, slow moving, confusing plot with run of the mill choreography, typically annoying and exaggerated whiplash sounds with every punch and kick, and constant plot twists that never come to an end. By the time the film reaches its emotional climax, I had long had all the wind knocked out of me to actually care. br br Watch it for its historical value as a milestone of Chinese kung fu cinema just leave your expectations at the door, or you ll be bitterly disappointed. br br For hardcore fans only.
The 1970s opened the door to the largest, most diverse era of film in the history. Some films were great The Godfather , The Conversation , Mean Streets , Chinatown , The French Connection , Five Easy Pieces , Jaws , McCabe And Mrs. Miller Others were not so great The Getaway , The Outfit , Badge 373 , Joe , The Taking Of Pelham One Two Three , Brewster McCloud , Castle Keep And others were barely worth the price of admission. br br Yet every one was a fresh breath of air compared to today s Corporate .
Okay, I didn t get the Purgatory thing the first time I watched this episode. It seemed like something significant was going on that I couldn t put my finger on. This time those Costa Mesa fires on TV really caught my attention and it helped that I was just writing an essay on Inferno! But let me see what HASN T been discussed yet... A TWOP review mentioned that Tony had 7 flights of stairs to go down because of the broken elevator. Yeah, 7 is a significant number for lots of reasons, especially religious, but here s .
I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film, however, proved what an interesting actor he could be. He did not get enough roles like this during his long career. This is his best performance. He is totally believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read, .
This was a good movie worth watching. The theme was above average and acting was OK. It could have been a great movie if it had used a lot less jerky action camera shots, had way too many freeze frames, and reversals time shots that took waaaaaaayyyyyyyyy toooooooo long. An interesting plot and a unexpected nice surprise ending makes watching the movie worthwhile! If you liked Millennium you will like this, not up to a Stargate, but still a nice plot. Sean Astin could have been less whinny, and the British accents better if toned down with not so much pointless yelling. Would have rated it a lot higher if the lengthy, jerky, and dizzying camera time lapses were cut to a smooth one second blur like the One Second Watch in Trancers.
A later re viewing, or perhaps speaking Farsi, might lead me to a greater appreciation of this film. Iranian cinema is something I am just starting to explore and surely appreciate, but this film failed to draw me in as say Gabbeh, Dayareh or Color of Paradise did. Of course the lead character, is intentionally enigmatic opaque to us in terms of why he might seek suicide. The landscape is a harsh, bitter orange, almost as if he were in some form of hell already. For me, never having a connection with this lead character, pushes me towards those .
Ace High 1968 qualifies as one of the better hybrid action comedy spaghetti westerns that followed in the wake of Sergio Leone s trend setting bounty hunter movie A Fistful of Dollars. Variously titled overseas as either Revenge In El Paso or Four Gunmen of Ave Maria, this handsomely produced, elaborately staged, sun drenched, shoot em up shares something in common with the Lee Van Cleef oater Death Rides A Horse 1968 in that our lice ridden hero EIi Wallach got double crossed by his outlaw buddies and left behind for the law to catch while they made good .
Wealthy horse ranchers in Buenos Aires have a long standing no trading policy with the Crawfords of Manhattan, but what happens when the mustachioed Latin son falls for a certain Crawford with bright eyes, blonde hair, and some perky moves on the dance floor? 20th Century Fox musical has a glossy veneer yet seems a bit tatty around the edges. It is very heavy on the frenetic, gymnastic like dancing, exceedingly thin on story. Betty Grable an eleventh hour replacement for Alice Faye gives it a boost, even though she s paired with leaden Don Ameche in tan make up and slick hair . Also good Charlotte Greenwood as Betty s pithy aunt, a limousine driver who s constantly asleep on the job, and Carmen Miranda playing herself who else? .
this film was a major letdown. the level of relentless cruelty and violence in this film was very disturbing. some scenes were truly unnecessarily ugly and mean spirited. the main characters were impossible to identify with or even sympathize with. the lead protagonist s character was as slimy as they come. the sickroom hothouse atmosphere lent itself to over the top theatrics. little or nothing could be learned about the Spanish civil war from this film. fortunately, i ve been to spain and realize this is not realistic! in addition, the use of same sex attraction as a lurid .
This film is silly, okay, but it s also extremely funny and entertaining! If you liked the various Airplane and Naked Gun spoof, this movie s for you, even if it comes from Germany! So the seven dwarfs are not small, they re grown up men who escaped from women and civilization, and hid in the woods. Everything s fine, until Snow White arrives there, escaping from a nasty queen Nina Hagen! that wants to get rid of her. It does not hurt that Snow White is quite a lovely good looking brunette, just about to turn 18... again, .
I went into this film thinking I would see a nice film that deserved to be seen which is too often code for a boring movie . I laughed my ass off, as did the whole audience. This is the most entertaining movie I ve seen in months time and again the filmmakers found a way to surprise me. A tight story. Terrific performances from the stars all the way down to the tiniest roles. Perfect pacing. Graceful, muscular directing. This is not a good little movie it s a good movie, period and it s a crime it s not getting wider distribution just because the male lead isn t played by the flavor of the month. A smart, funny film.
This movie is in no way good. The music in the movie, although sometimes too much, was often used to good effect. Many of the scenes were shot in average to above average ways. The acting by some of the secondary characters was believable. And that s the best I can say about this movie. The protagonist, Simon, wakes up from a car crash induced coma in a hospital into which he was admitted two years earlier. The plot quickly, if ungainly, unfolds. I would outline this but for two reasons I don t want to spoil the movie .
Yes, it can be done. John De Bello and Costa Dillon cleaned out the garbage of their minds and come up with the worst comedic, horror , Sc Fi musical. If there is any acting, it is terrible or way over the top. Special effects take your pick...very low budget or kindergarten. Every cheap clich thought of is used. No doubt a fun movie to watch. Worth a cold six pack or two. Point the finger at radiation if you need an excuse. Mutant tomatoes grow to almost the size of a tow truck and begin attacking mankind. San Diego is a good place as any to start. Scientists and an absent minded military must find the way to stop this red rolling menace. This cult favorite features David Miller, Eric Christmas, Al Sklar, Tom Coleman, Sharon Taylor and John Qualls.
A lot of the reviewers pretty well panned this, so I actually was quite reluctant to watch it. Turned out that it was a good thing that I did, as it was quite a satisfying SF flick. The young leads are both very engaging, the set design and art direction are excellent and the whole affair is kinda suspenseful. The myriad big name character actors are slightly distracting, particularly Bill Murray and Tim Robbins, but all turn in OK performances. I think some of the critics were a little turned off, frankly, because the movie did so very poorly at the box office. As the years go by, I am betting that this little movie holds up a lot better than some of 2008 s big hits.
Sad... really sad. This movie has nothing hmmm, well maybe Sybil Danning to keep you watching. It also hurt my eyes to see Linda Blair in this exploitation flick. She certainly deserves better. br br So what s the story about? Let s see... Warden John Vernon tapes the inmates in rather inspiring positions, while prisoner Sybil actually runs the prison and little Linda must fight to survive... Sounds like a B movie, huh? It is.
My high expectations and enthusiasm for this movie eroded just like the lifestyle of Big and Little Edie...... To begin on a positive note, Kalina Ivanov and her production team deserve all the awards and accolades they can get. The attention to detail, the resurrection of pre squalor Grey Gardens and period settings is amazing. Kudos to the beautiful costume design too. From there, it s all downhill. Drew Barrymore is embarrassingly bad. Every line she spoke came across as if she had rehearsed it a few hundred times. It removes her spiritually from each scene. She never quite .
I saw the world premiere at the Toronto International Film Fest, this is a great film. br br Real life husband and wife Paul Bettany and Jennifer Connelly star as Charles and Emma Darwin in the midst of their struggle through the writing of and decision to publish Origin of Species . Their consideration of the ramifications it may have for their family and the future of humankind are conveyed in such a manner that one suspects only an off screen couple could achieve. br br Jon Amiel who gave a heart felt introduction and John Collee do and .
As Perimenoun Oi Gynaikes Let The Women Wait is the exact translation in English is a movie every Greek man should watch, according to my opinion. The 3 protagonists are married to 3 sisters in the movie, so that has made these guys relatives. Of course the sisters never appear on the film, their names are only referred by their husbands, while they try to make their way to Thasos a magnificent island at the north of Aegean Sea to find their wives and children for their summer vacation. The movie goes over almost every topic a man talks .
I m fairly surprised at the relatively hight ratings of this movie. I came away feeling cheated, primarily because the script created such cardboard characters. Jenna is a waitress with a genius for pie recipes in a Southern town that should have been named Misogynyville. All the waitresses in the diner where Jenna works commiserate in a support network of lowered expectations concerning the male sex. Every man is either goofy, grumpy or just plain obnoxious, as in the case of Jenna s husband, Earl. Just how bright and charming Jenna happened to marry a Neanderthal like Earl is .
I won t waste my time reviewing a piece of bubble gum like this suffice it to say that bubble gum, every now and then, is kind of fun but gets stale quickly. 4 10 for oft mechanical writing, visual gags that never work, and overall bad acting except for CLAYTON ROHNER he sold his character well .
It s not a surprise that Luigi Cozzi, after this movie, never shot a film again except for two documentaries . This thing is not worth being called a movie I ve directed better films with my friends . The attempt of the director to give the film a photography reminiscent of the chromatic games of Suspiria is simply pathetic, and is nonetheless the better thing of the movie. However this film made me laugh so much with my friends that I should forgive its uselessness and its ugliness. We had a lot of fun. There are two sequences in Paganini Horror one at the beginning, the other close to the ending so silly and dumb that you can t do nothing but laugh.. unfortunately the rest of the movie can be quietly trashed away, its boringness is something unbelievable especially during the music scenes .
i watched the film last night for the first time and i was was impressed by it. i myself grew up watching Schindlers list. I don t normally enjoy many historically themed films anymore but i think this one was a good take on the subject. yes the main character went back in time but it just show how much my generation takes for granted. for example in the film she wanted a tattoo when she got one in the camp it had a completely different negative meaning. also she wanted to be with her friends the past made her realise how much she needed her family. on another not i did notice the woman in the film in the red jumper, is it just me or does this correlate with the young girl in Schindlers list?
Nobody could like this movie for its merit but, if you have a sense of humor and enjoy schlock movies for their MST3 quality, then this is for you. It ranks up there with Road House for its preposterous characters, sets and story line. The bad writing really cracked me up I want you to dust those guys off instead of . . . dust those guys. F 14s take off from the carrier but, when they get into formation, they re F 16s! Without a hint of anger or skepticism, Segal goes back to work for the general .
In yet another Seduction Cinema soft core parody, Dildo Baggins Misty Mundae, because she can NEVER not be in a Seduction Cinema movie rolls eyes along with fellow Throbbit lesbian lovers, Horny and Spam go off to destroy the evil G string, after drunk perverted Smirnof, the Wizard presents that quest to them. Wackiness, in the form of dumb jokes, unerotic sex, and more dumb puns, ensues. Terry West will never be confused with Orsen Wells, hell, he ll never get confused with Lloyd Kaufman even, but this Lord of the Rings parody is still his clear best, and .
Time Chasers joins various films that have been given the razzing they deserve on MST. A little more competent than most films that are shown, it s still pretty bad. A bike riding scientist invents a time travel device and puts it in his Cessna. Why not a car? Well, he can t drive and I doubt he can get going fast enough on his ten speed. Like the lunkhead he is, he tells an evil corporation is there any other kind? about his invention and they take over the project. There s also some kind of lovestory too .
This has been a family favorite for years ! It also has waited that long to become part of our movie collection. DVD would be nice Mr. Turner Hint, Hint even if in a second movie collection FULL versions of Man in the White Suit, The Horses Mouth All at Sea . Yes, although listed at IMDB as Barnacle Bill it s actual release title is All at Sea this story of a sea sick sailor made hero tickles the funny bone and warms the heart. This delightful movie can be shown to all ages something we sorely miss with most of today s films.
Something happens to Sondra Pransky when she enters the magician s box on the stage of a London theater. Little does Sondra know the spirit of newly departed journalist Joe Strombel materializes to ask her to investigate the man someone has told him, on his voyage to another dimension, is the infamous Tarot killer that has been on a binge of crime in London. The only problem is the man accused is, for all appearances, a respectable upper class man. When Sondra tells her experience to the Great Splendini, who is a.k.a. Sid Waterman, the magician is stunned, but .
As Salinger s A Perfect Day for Bananafish ends with the suicide of a prodigy, this movie opens with the death of the star high school swimmer legend, Matt, who shoots himself in the head with a revolver after in the opening scene. But the death of Matt Travis serves as a key to unlock the door of another prodigy, his brother, Tim who never in his life seriously bothered with the question, What am I going to do? br br When he finds his brother dead, his head broken like a dropped watermelon, the Travis family starts vomiting .
Naional Lampoon s Thanksgiving reunion was extremely hilarious! Bryan Cranston, kept me laughing all night long, and Judge Reinhold right after him. I certainly hope that they show this again before next year.
Love it, love it, love it! This is another absolutely superb performance from the Divine Miss M. From the beginning to the end, this is one big treat! Don t rent it buy it now!
This movie is so bad, you can t help but laugh. The dialogue is horrible, the acting is horrible, the effects are horrible. It is not scary, but it is a helleva good laugh.
I had to stop watching this film a pseudo intellectual product for pretentious film viewers twenty minutes into it because it was mediocre and dull enough to inspire yawns, not to mention that I was soon near tears over the 3.99 I had wasted at Blockbuster. Joanna Pacula s acting and her awfully rendered Slavic accent are sufficiently terrible to set one to gritting one s teeth. I knew that two hours of her would be two hours too many. Both Breuer and Nietzsche are played by unremarkable actors of strikingly few talents. While we re on the topic .
OOOOOhhh my God. This is the Worst film i ve ever seen in my life. who told this guy he could direct???? art movies are one thing, but this piece of crap, does not qualify, the actors really cant act, except for Ana. If you think you ve seen everything, you haven t, there is the ugliest woman in the world naked and having sex in this movie. she weighs like 300 pounds and is like a midget. now, why on earth will Mexico support a movie like this??? they say the director is a genius. this is exactly .
This sleek, sexy movie is a must see. Only upon multiple viewings can one truly understand the uniqueness of this film. Personally I enjoy the narrator for his intelligent, no subject left untouched, style of narration. The introduction grips you right away, and holds you at the edge of your seat throughout the film. He provides wonderful insight into the world of the trainables and allows the audience to really connect with internal horror this film exhibits. The script itself holds the movie together wonderfully. Not only for kids, but the elderly alike will gain a higher understanding of the trainables and the modern grasp that they have on the sexual experience. Ahead of its time and groundbreaking in cinematography, it surely defines the word masterpiece .
...because I wanted to watch this movie when it came out in theaters. Then I didn t rent it at Blockbuster for reasons I can t remember. I watched it when it aired on HBO. And man, what a letdown. The gorgeous Anne Hathaway was the main reason for me to watch this pile of crap. She doesn t save the day. Kate Hudson does her job but it isn t enough. There isn t a single funny moment. This shouldn t be considered as a comedy or drama, or anything. It s a dull, silly, pointless movie that .
I realize that, being an American, I may not be the most objective about this... but really! This movie made the American troops look like bumbling, cruel, calloused idiots vs. the gentile, peace loving, well trained VC. I am a veteran, and having been to war and understand the reality of the fact that both sides are human. I also understand that America is not always right. Even allowing for those things I cant give any credit here for an attempt at accuracy. There was nothing objective about the clear anti American bias in this movie. If you enjoy watching American soldiers die then you may like this movie... This is a horrible movie about a horrible war...
What a disappointment! And, if you re going to make a film this boring, at least make it a bit shorter. They should put ideal for insomnia sufferers on the cover. I can t believe I wasted nearly two hours of my time on this pointless film. At the beginning I thought Give it a chance, it might be a slow burner, Once it got to the middle I thought hurrah! something has to happen now. I was sorely mistaken. Frankly, I have a mind to ask for my money back from my video shop. A guy wanders round Paris, following his missus and looking glum. More happens in Eastenders and that was before the Demi Leo storyline . Seriously, root canal work is less painful than this. Don t bother. Now, if you ll excuse me, I think I ll go and find some fresh paint to watch.
A meteor falls in the farm of the religious man Nathan Hayes Claude Akins . The local Dr. Alan Forbes Cooper Huckabee decides to call the appropriate authorities to investigate it. However, he is convinced by a speculator, who wishes to buy the lands, and by his sexy wife Esther Forbes Hope North , who wants to move from that place, to analyze the meteor by himself. A dam will be built In this place and the value of the lands will increase, and Esther will receive an extra bonus from the speculator, if the Hayes sell their lands. .
What were they thinking when they made this truly TERRIBLE film? br br Arbus, one of the most important photographers and women of the Twentieth Century, had a fascinating and dramatic life. What possessed anyone to make this film, which explains her unique artistic vision, as being the result of an imaginary affair with a grotesque, yet charismatic hairy freak played by Downey ? br br In real life, Arbus broke out of a traditional marriage and woman s role to express herself. In this movie, Arbus is an ultra dreary Nicole Kidman whose inspiration is all attributed to a Beauty and The Beast devotion to an interesting man. br br For this reinvention, the film is truly shameful. Independent of that, it is also just dopey and dull.
Not even Evil Deads Sam Raimi could help this pitiful excuse for a spaghetti Western. Sharon Stone comes back to seek revenge years after the death of her father. Gene Hackman seems to be the only one not going through the motions and actually giving us a decent performance. However the script written by Simon Moore is so incoherent and dull. The characters are characters you ve seen in every revenge movie ever. But Sam is a bit to blame as well. Holes in heads big enough to see the person who put them there and people doing backflips after getting shot were just a few of the very unbelievable things in this movie. Sam should just stick to Spider Man.
Connie Hoffman is very pretty and is attractively topless at times. That s it, folks. The sole reason for even considering whether to watch this film or not. These 70s sexploitation period pieces are sometimes entertaining by virtue of their very datedness flared trousers, big hair, Zapata moustaches etc. . This one isn t. The script is bad, the acting is bad, the direction is bad, and the idea of having a senior citizen romantic leading man is exceptionally bad. The title, hinting at a sex comedy, is grossly misleading. I heartily recommend avoiding this one like the plague.
Absolutely amazing! Humor, up beat music and an anti war message make this probably the best movie I have ever seen. br br First of all, I love how clever this movie is, particularly in the Vietnam part of the plot. It s interesting how they make the army officials enforcing the draft look ridiculous. Follow that with the serious situation of the actual war, and then the conclusion which leaves me seething with anger at the war and yet there is absolutely no violence on the screen. Wow. br br Also, the music is really cool. But what .
I ve heard it said that Vince Vaughn described this as the punk rock of Westerns or some such. If by that he meant the bad punk rock that s just mindless incoherent noise, well, he s spot on. The way I envision this falling together, Yoakam and some of his wacky buddies were sitting around, under the influence of a foreign substance, realized they all had a coupla days to kill and decided to shoot a movie. He decided that he d always wanted to make out with Bridget Fonda, so took a chance and wrote her totally .
Wow, its been quite a while since I ve watched anything so mysterious in the way it is portrayed. br br A Detective Story uses old fashioned black and white images to portray a private investigator who dresses in an old fashioned trench coat and hat. The theme of this animation is reminiscent of that of Sam Spayed which was briefly mentioned by Ash. br br Sick of spying on cheating house wives because of his clients, Ash was offered a chance to track down a computer hacker which he thought was a worthwhile chance for a four figure sum he could not turn down and the rest is history. br br The ending was a little bit bland but still okay. For those out there who like old fashion stories this is the one for you.
I actually suffered through 10 minutes of this thinking that it might get better.... Please do yourself a favor, and don t bother watching this. Unless you enjoy intolerably bad movies, your time is better spent anywhere else. And I do mean ANYWHERE. It is hard to believe that any of these actors who participated in this movie did not get banned from the business permanently. It certainly is a black mark on their careers in my opinion. So, what was wrong with this movie? Poor Acting. Bad Jokes. Bad Plot. What is good about this movie? You don t have to watch it.
This is probably my least favorite episode. I lived in Cape Girardeau for quite some time. I can tell you there is no ocean or shrimp boats, fresh crab or scallops anywhere near Missouri. Cape Girardeau is the only inland Cape, it s on the Mississippi River. It looked like the license plates were from Mississippi, which may explain why there was so much racial tension. Missouri and Mississippi are 2 completely different states that don t touch one another. There are many roads in and out of town and none of them are Route 6 or Route 666. This whole inaccuracy was very distracting. Also, Cassie did not seem like someone who would want to hang around Dean if she was well educated. I did not buy them as a couple and didn t enjoy the lengthy love scene. Jo was more Dean s style.
Starring the remarkable Innokenti Smoktunovsky in the title role, this film is completely unlike the Ken Russell debacle The Music Lovers. Talankin s film is absolutely breathtaking in its fidelity to the story of the composer s life as I know it from numerous sources. The resemblance of Smoktunovsky to Tchaikovsky is striking and it s very easy to suspend disbelief and imagine one is watching the composer himself and in color! The film doesn t try to go far afield from simply telling the facts of the composer s life, but then it really doesn t have to .
In the future of 2001, Freddy is after the last surviving teenager of Elm Street. Forsaking ANY scares whatsoever for unfunny attempts at humor and needless celebrity cameos come on..Roseanne??? Tom Arnold??!!?? WTF? , this is tied with part 2 is the worst the demon child rapist ever got. Wow was this a piece of crap. Not even the great legendary Alice Cooper could make the stench of this movie go away. And when they hell did Freddy ever have a daughter?? The whole film is severely retarded in ever single conceivable way, shape form. Rachel Talalay, you stink .
Bigfoot movies tend to be bad, so I m not inclined to watch them. However, there were some good commercials on The Sci Fi Channel, so I decided to watch. A climbing expedition heads into the Pacific northwest to find a a fallen airplane carrying the daughter of the expedition s leader played by Lance Hendrickson , and have brought a revolutionary DNA detector that could be used to prove the sasquatch s existence. And it actually generates some suspense at first. The sasquatch is unseen, but sees the mountain climbers body heat like the alien in Predator , .
The Flyboys caught my eye because of all the raving reviews it got on the IMDb. This seemed too good to be true. A totally unknown brilliant movie that Hollywood forgot? A story about kids? But wow, what an incredible fun film this is... for both adults and children! What really works in this movie are all the moments in which the movie leaves the normal clich story lines in order to do something refreshing. The first ten minutes, when we see how Jason and Kyle become friends, set the tone really. The new kid in town Kyle saves .
DR. GIGGLES should have been a lean, mean, gritty, surreal little horror movie. It is enjoyable, is never boring, but is a Kitchen Sink Movie, meaning there s everything in it but. Sometimes less really is more and a bit less would have been advised here. The primary influence on the film appears to have been Sam Raimi star Larry Drake who is excellent was hot off the success of DARKMAN and Tim Burton who s BATMAN had just ushered in the era of 1990s overkill event films , neither of whom are known for their restraint. DR. GIGGLES .
Clubbed is yet another will this do? entry into the Brit fisticuffs genre and is sure to keep punters who aren t expecting too much moderately entertained for ninety minutes after a few beers. However, for anyone seeking intelligent, quality entertainment it s really best avoided. br br There are so many misnomers in the appalling script that even an actor of the calibre of Colin Salmon is left looking daft. The action is set in the 1980s, but it s never clear why, especially when they haven t been able to pull off any convincing feel for that .
As I was watching the show I started thinking What is the target audience? It was just so stupid that even kids wouldn t get anything from it. Bananaman is made extremely cheap, it s boring as hell, and full of stupid jokes that are just so stupid that I can t even describe it. And on top of that, almost all of the funny elements are ripped straight off old Disney cartoons. 3 points come from the fact that usually when something is really bad, it makes it just a little funny as it is. Well, bananaman is almost below that, and it deserves credit for it. I feel sorry for the people who are behind this disaster, it must have been a career killer.
This was Elisha Cuthbert s best performance. It amazes me that she even bothers with films like The girl next door . She is so much better than that. Cant wait for the upcoming Captivity in which she plays the lead role as a young women chained to a guy in a cellar as the kidnapper plays with their minds. Back to this movie...see it just for Elisha. The basic boy meets girl with a twist. the boy has a ghost in his house and he and his gal pal try to help it move on.. Tragedies in their past is what brings the two together. The ghost is what makes the story interesting even though Katherine Elisha is the only person in town who believes him. Both have bitter guardians living at home which are very well acted. See the movie...don t want to spoil the story
I thought the movie was extremely funny and actually very interesting. It was raw and honest and felt as if I was really watching the real people not actors. It s great entertainment, it also painted the people as human on our level not below us. It is a very good film.
This movie is terrible. Carlitos Way 1993 is a great film. Goodgfellas it isn t but its one of the better crime films done. This movie should be considered closer to THE STING Part2 or maybe speed Zone. Remember those gems! The only reason this movie was made was to capitalize on the cult following of the original. This movie lacked everything De Palma, Pacino and Penn worked so hard on. There wasn t a likable character and that is the fault of everyone responsible for making it. I hope RISE TO POWER wins every RAZZIE it possibly can .
This short film doesn t get there. Cliche and not very funny attempt at dark humor. Humor isn t funny enough to get you interested and the protagonist isn t likeable so you really don t care about what happens anyway. Producer spent some money on this flop and it shows in the production value which is the only saving grace.
We open with Colonel Luc Deveraux Van Damme , the original Universal Soldier and his buxom Asian friend being chased down a river by what appear to be Universal Soldiers. They almost kill the two, then oh wait, it was just a field test. Deveraux we come to find is now part of a government funded company that designs the new level of Universal Soldiers. Why he would want to be involved in this if you know anything about the original is never explained and well beyond me. It s after this flimsy set piece that the real story gets going. The United States government has cut the Universal Soldier s project budget and in the process angered SETH the large artificial mainframe computer that controls the Universal Soldiers .
I saw that movie few days ago. This movie is so great that it makes me feel that if you want something really bad that you have always dreamed about it you can have it. This shows a big wish come true trought happiness and sadness, hopeless and failure. But if you are strong enough and your heart really belongs to something that you love you can make things different and be happy.
The movie starts on good basis, but when it reaches the last third, it seems that Luc Besson had no inspiration for the end. It s falling from the sky and don t expect much from it. Except this poor ending, direction is quite good, with good lighting and good camera movement.
This is a wonderful thriller I watched many times and never can get enough of.It s all about the obsessive love 5 people have for eachother in Paris, un lucky coincidences, false identities.The music makes it really gripping.There are hardly any flaws in the characters,just the end is not very credible,but a definite must see still.
What a disappointment this film was. I was pleasantly surprised with the film s predecessor, White Lightning. While no master piece in film, White Lightning was an enjoyable film set in the deep south. Gator on the other hand leaves so much to be desired. The film opens with one of the most ridiculous chase scenes I have ever seen. There is little improvement as the film goes on. Jerry Reed plays a kingpin and does not do it very convincingly. Burt Reynolds, as Gator, does not seem nearly as tough this time around. Perhaps his second stint in .
I have spent the last 5 years in the entertainment business and most recently find myself working for the company that made this movie, which is a REAL pity, because I like these folks, I just can t believe ANYONE could possibly make anything as bad as this?!!!! This was crap from every possible angle. From camera work to dialogue to acting to costumes and production design was one of the worst films I have ever seen! The actors in this film looked like they had been taken straight off of a porn that was being shot in the .
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor. I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little. I was very disappointed in the movie. One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard. There is a totally unnecessary train roller coaster scene. There are some characters and scenes that seem scary for little children for whom this movie was made. The North Pole scenes with Santa and the elves could have been cute and charming. There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters. It usually doesn t work to make a short children s book into a feature film. This movie totally grates on my nerves.
As an avid lover of Horror made in Bella Italia, who has seen hundreds of Italian Horror productions, I must say that Paganini Horror is arguably not only THE dumbest, but also the most boring and tiresome Italian Horror film ever brought to screen I am not counting Claudio Fragasso s disastrous Troll 2 , which is, In my opinion, not Horror, and neither is it really Italian . Not even the casting of the great Donald Pleasence and regular Italian Horror actress Daria Nicolodi can save Paganini Horror , as this has absolutely nothing to offer except for .
Eternity and a Day the director really knew what he meant is an art house movie made after an infallible recipe to win critical acclaim and eventually those great prizes of the broken hearted that will never make a blockbuster. The ingredients of the recipe are quite simple you take a famous actor that already stared in a few cult art movies, namely Bruno Ganz and have him play after a script written by a famous screenwriter who was behind many successful art movies, namely Tonino Guerra and add the name of a famous director already acclaimed as a .
Pretty bad. It starts off in 1969 where a girl Mary is accidentally murdered and the killer hides the body and she s never found. It cuts to 30 years later and high schooler Samantha Owens Kate Mara somehow raises the ghost of Mary who starts to take revenge on the children of the jerks who accidentally caused the murder. Why she never goes after the actual killer is never explained. Sam realizes something is wrong and she and her brother Robert Vito try to figure out who killed Mary and where the body is. It s also laughably .
I was in a bad frame of mind when I first saw this movie. For some reason it clicked on all my levels, tensions in a family, loneliness and the want of someone to share your life with. It didn t hurt that the someone to share your life with was such a beautiful girl as Claire Cyndy Preston . I also bought the sound track to this movie very hard to get . Loved it and hope it will someday come out on DV
The idea of a mockumentary on creating a stereotypical low budget martial arts movie is great. This movie definitely had some potential some of Lew s lines on the aspects of these martial arts movies are great! But the whole thing is just too corny to be genuinely funny. Silly celebrity sound alike names really take away from the celebrity impersonators Steven Seafood ? Why not just like, Steven Seagull, or just use his real name? I think laws on parody would have had them covered . Add to that very poor editing, with lines obviously recorded afterwards and .
This is actually the precursor to Family Guy. The similarities between Brian the Dog and Steve the dog are virtually identical as are between Larry and Peter. It would seem that Seth McFarland s main characters are mostly moronic even when compared to Homer Simpson cf. Johnny Bravo, Chicken from Cow and Chicken, Dee Dee and the father from Dexter s Lab . I have no difficulties with low intelligence characters, but it would be nice to see another creation from Seth that did not employ this over used technique. I remember this show from WAC show as it aired with the excellent Chicken from outer space episode of Courage. I think it was better when courage didn t speak. I m not sure if Seth had any input into this one as well, and if he did I commend him for it.
Great book, great movie, great soundtrack. Frank Sinatra shows in this movie that when he wanted to put the effort in, he could act. The ending is a bit schmaltzy, but for the time it s understandable the studio wanted a happy ending. The graphic nature of the heroin addiction groundbreaking for the period is a plus. Add the terrific soundtrack and you ve got one of the great American movies.
I was just having a discussion with my work colleague about what may have been the worst film either of us has ever seen. He plumped for The Naked Lunch ? and I went for this turkey. The most amusing part of my whole viewing experience was when a man in his mid 30 s, young family in tow, began to walk out of the cinema and then, once he reached the aisle, turned to face the screen and shouted B ll ks!!! at the top of his voice before calmly turning round and walking out. This expressed what .
OK, ill be brief. This film wasn t just bad it was very very bad, with line4s like if you deal with the devil you expect to get sh t on your shoes you know your in hideous film territory. After watching this film i wanted to kill myself and my entire family, it gave me such a vast feeling of self loathing I wanted to do murder. don t watch this film. i will kill again. but when I do it will be terribly edited with a pathetic soundtrack and stock shot for hire action sequences and bad shirts. br br fortunately there is a flipside, its the first action film to feature a three door ford sierra. br br unfortunately it ends up trashed on its roof br br Ps Worse than the Marksman
The subject is banal, even in 1942. It is war propaganda. The fascists are among us and they are doing all they can to sabotage the war effort and to prepare their victory and their seizure of power then and their establishing an effective totalitarian state. But Hitchcock has to make it a real thriller. So he invents a first sabotage that succeeds but one of the victims, the friend of the one who dies in it, becomes the prime suspect and run away for the sabotage. That enables him to so to say visit the country and discover .
Having never seen any VHS copies of this last Beatles movie and since it will probably be a very long time before it gets on DVD, I was stoked when I found out YouTube had this uploaded since the later part of summer 2007 and it was still there. All the things director Michael Lindsay Hogg filmed were fascinating to me especially when Ringo played some piano with Paul or when John and Yoko danced or when Heather a young pre teen who s Paul s future wife Linda s daughter from a previous marriage hung around the Apple .
Honestly, I am a fan of Sword and Sandle films. Unfortunately, this did nothing for me. Although the DVD I picked up promised breathtaking action scenes , the lovey dovey romance took over most of the film, and the most exciting battle scenes were relegated to the the tail end of the whole movie. Phillipedes is a good example of a perfect hero . He has very few character flaws, other than being seemingly obsessed with a woman supposedly not meant for him. The main women all swoon or fight over him. His acting was unimpressive, and he is .
I remember first seeing this in 1980 as part of THE HAMMER HOUSE OF HORROR series and everyone was talking about it at school on Monday . I saw it for a second time last night and to be honest it s not much cop . It s just another predictable story of a newly wed couple getting lost and spending the night at a creepy mansion that s owned by a woman with a west country accent and being a horror story it s always bad news to spend a night at a mansion owned by someone with a west country accent Two things I noticed about watching it for the second time First up is the very poor budget .
Good old Jess Franco! The always reliable choice of director in case you re looking for undemanding sleaze, shameless exploitation and 200 gratuitousness. Jess once again really surpassed himself with this utterly trashy piece of jungle adventure . Let s face it, this film is basically just an excuse to have the ravishingly hot and underage actress Katja Bienert parade around topless. It s actually a rather disturbing thought that an innocent 16 year old girl had to walk around a film set naked in front of a whole crew and particularly before the gazing eyes of pervert Franco! .
This is one of the best horror flicks any one in their right mind could endure. Its lower than low budget and is a masterpiece of both no budget and expliotation cinema. The actors are amazing with some coming out of retirement to act in this. Sitting in his wheelchair the amazing Dr Frankenstien outsmarts a very scary and very black Dracula! The scene is amazing, Dracula is invited into the home but that crafty Dr has placed a mirror on the roof so he can see or not see Draculas reflection!! When Dracula realises he has been tricked .
Be warned! This is crap that other crap won t even deign to be in company with because it s beneath them! Okay, got that out of the way, let me say something more substantive. I ve seen Ashes of Time a very long time ago thinking it was a fresh take on the material which is based on a highly revered wuxia tome of a novel due to the emerging reputation of the director, Wong Kar Wai. Well, despite of all of that WKW hasn t succeeded at adapting the novel on screen according to a lot of .
Human pot roast Joe Don Baker MITCHELL stars in this dull, unremarkable action movie as Deputy Geronimo, a fat, gassy slob who sits around in a stupid looking cowboy suit, listening to country music and eating too many donuts. Meanwhile, a vaguely criminal guy named Palermo played by the guy who owned the drill in Fulci s GATES OF HELL stumbles into Joe Don s territory and shoots the sheriff in a poorly edited scene. Joe Don slowly gives chase and offs Palermo s brother after uttering his now legendary catch phrase It s your move. Think you can take me? Well, go ahead on .
Brian Moore grew up in Northern Ireland and considered joining the priesthood before he moved to Canada and abandoned his Catholic religion later in life. I ve not read this nor any of his other novels, but I am told that on several occasions he explored the idea of a priest losing his faith, and I wonder if perhaps, in spite of his outward angst against the Irish clergy, he wasn t in fact like so many ex Christian writers struggling to cast of his guilt and to justify abandoning his own vocation. In Black Robe, for which Moore .
This movie was very very mediocre and very very gory. everyone left their acting lessons at home and totally forgot how to act I mean it was so bad and had no real plot and kindergarteners could have written a better story plot wait what story plot. not at all scary!
The film had some likable aspects. Perhaps too many for my taste. It felt as though the writer director was desperately trying to get us to feel the inner conflict of ALL of its characters. Not once, a few times...but all of the time. This is the job of television, not cinema. The location of the train station was well chosen and I enjoyed Sascha Horler s performance as the pregnant friend. I felt as though Justine Clarke s performance was wan. Her reactions to things felt forced, as though the director were trying to vocalise the themes of .
This movie defines Corny . Continuity doesn t seem to be a strong point in the making of this film. Little quirks here and there such as a woman walks in and catches 2 guys stealing a TV, she yells, they drop the TV, she runs, they disappear.... later, the broken TV vanishes too. Some of the emotional reactions, as well as actions, by these actors is also over the top. You watch them do something, or react to something and you just have to sit in awe There s just no way any sane person would do that, or waste THAT much time telling a story, or plain old goofing off, in an emergency. The musical score in coordination with some of the scenes is almost comical. And, finally, if you like in the nick of time scenes, you ll be in heaven.
Supposedly a prequel to The Art Of War and Art Of War II, the third installment in the franchise is basically the same old thing as the others minus any real backstory that a prequel should have. Guy falls in love with girl, girl ends up backstabbing him, some convoluted government plot featuring the USA and other foreign countries, and lots of shooting and martial arts. That s basically it. But wait, there is a twist to all of this this isn t a prequel! That s right, it s just a sequel that doesn t have anything to .
Geez! Unfortunately, I didn t connect to the IMDb to check on this before we went to the video store, these sharks and their lousy producers and cast chew away 4.00 from me. As it happens very often in a bad movie case, I found myself making fun of the movie and wondering how in the world there are not authorities to prevent these disasters from even getting to innocent hands like ours. My poor daughter was hoping for a Deep Blue Sea , and she got the Deep Goo Sh . The people commenting here about this movie .
Good points 1 The opening sequence supposedly within the bowels of a secret military base is one of the most frightening nuclear war sequences filmed. 2 The Landmaster vehicles are the ultimate in monster trucks. Imagine, an armored RV that can climb over rocky terrain, dodge killer storms and overgrown insects at 60 MPH, and is amphibious... oh yes, and you can use parts from any junkyard to fix it, too. 3 The weather effects were unbelievable for when it was filmed 1977 no computers were injured in the making of this film! and would be hard to duplicate .
From the opening dialog and scenes, I knew I knew I was in for a train wreck. Didn t want to look, but couldn t turn away. If it weren t for the meer eye candy of this film, I would have given one star. The fact that the interaction between characters and relationship behavior were so far fetched, added by poor direction and horrible story make this movie nothing more than a low budget disaster. Money is definitely not a necessity to make a good film. But this movie fails so horribly there was no chance to rebound. .
A complete comedy farce. Robert De Niro and Billy Crystal are both great fun and so is Joe Viterelli as De Niro s hilarious security guard Jelly. It is amusing. Nothing is wrong with the film accept its language. No one should complain about its content. Its content is meant to be funny. When mobster Paul Vitti De Niro is suffering anxiety attacks for some odd reason, he sees a shrink named Ben Sobel Crystal to solve his tragedys and ways to move through the mob. The idea is small and it stretches out too far but its still great fun. To me this is De Niro s best comic performance of all. The most hilarious part in the film has to be where Crystal is in the church getting hugged by a stranger. An 8.3 10.
Beast Wars is a show that is over hyped, overpraised and overrated. Let s meet the characters of this obnoxious show whose creators must have been on acid to try and make a show like this. Cheetor Seriously, they need to have censor bars on this guy. How come he dosen t creep out the viewers having the same voice as baby Taz? at least Razzoff from Rayman 3 Hoodlum Havoc is voiced by Slip Slide Action Blast If you want a line of show that suck, get G4 Tranceformers Cybertron A show that should go down in a toilet. Good Job Creators Sarcasm Show it self Retarded boring at least the Super Mario games are better This show had a lot of followers sayin bring it back, but I believe that it was cancelled for its own good.
So it might not be entirely historically accurate. And there is little or no real character development. But for Jake son of Ridley Scott s first attempt, it s well worth the ticket price. br br Captain James MaCleane Jonny Lee Miller looking as good as ever may be a gentleman, but he hasn t got the money or the clothes to prove it. Plunkett Robert Carlyle with all his clothes on is an apothecary turned outlaw. The circumstances of their strange meeting involve a dead body, a ruby, and eventually a partnership as the Gentlemen Highwaymen. As the .
In Iran, women are not admitted to soccer games. Officially it s because they are to be spared from the vulgar language and behavior of the male audience. But of course it is about sexism. Women are lower forms of human beings. Some brave girls oppose this and try to get into the stadium by using different tricks. They are caught by soldiers and hold in a kind of cage, until the police will come and pick them up. Despite the insane situation, this is a film with lots of humor. It s also encouraging to see how people always find different ways of fighting oppression. You ll get touched at the same time as you have lots of laughs. Good job by director Jafar Panahi. This is in many ways a heroic comedy.
This is an extremely well done film using combinations of clips of statements made by Bush, Cheney, Powell, et.al justifying the invasion of Iraq, along with commentary by many highly reputable CIA analysts, ambassadors, and other government officials explaining the false basis of these justifications. The film demonstrates what many people have known intuitively that the invasion was totally unjustified. The film is made with precision and integrity.
The fans are so embarrassingly credulous. They have bought the whole package, hook, line and sinker. There s absolutely no doubt in their minds that cavemen from Afghanistan organised a successful attack on the world s most expensive air force. They certainly believe the official line that Iraq was involved, too. The government told them so enough times in fact certain tenacious hardliners still do. I wonder how they explain their appointed President losing interest so rapidly in capturing Osama Bin Laden? They watch a film this one that shows a hijacker wearing a bomb belt, when he was .
I ve seen this in 1978. I ve really been there and done that, myself. How True! Lost a Soul Mate at age 17 1967 . Found her in 1976 age 26 , Lost again in 1986 age 37 , found again in 2001 age 51 . We both saw the movie in 1978, again 1980 HBO . We ll see MY video from HBO, soon. We both know the real story, it s us. We agree, this is it. WE won t loose each other again both age 55.5 . Each time I see it, since 1986, I .
A film of some skin, lots of sex, few funny parts, and very little substance. Not compelling and uninteresting from the open to credits. I wish I could say this film had more to offer than making me feel like being able to go without sex for 90 days is some great feat, but there was nothing else that I got out of this movie. The characters don t ever connect with the audience, and the subject matter is overdone. This offers little new for the audience.
What exactly is the point of making a sequel when you don t actually retain anything that was good about the original? The thing about the first Bambi was that there was very little dialogue, letting the drama or humour or whatever in the animation speak for itself. And it was frankly the better for it. Now, no one shuts up. That said, it could have been a lot worse. This is because one of the characters that doesn t shut up is the Great Prince, and he s voiced by Patrick Stewart. Not only does Patrick Stewart have a wonderful voice, but I swear this man is actually incapable of giving a bad performance. And on the other hand there is Alexander Gould Bambi .
Akira Kurosawa s STRAY DOG English title is a riveting, poetic vision of a young Tokyo officer Toshiro Mifune who s handgun is stolen from him on a bus. Driven to obsession, he follows the trail of the pickpocket through the seedy underworld of post war China, in an attempt to regain his honor. A rare film of great social and philosophical significance. The deceptively simple story grows more complex as the man who gains possession of Mifune s handgun begins killing people and Mifune starts to blame himself. Every single second of this film rings true. An incredible atmospheric combination, of noirish melodrama and dark comedy. Every bit as good as Kurosawa s celebrated samurai pictures.
I enjoy this movie, this is what good entertainment is all about, Hollywood today should learn lessons from movies like this. Well, as all of us classic movie fans know that the 1950 s was the era of movies about real life vocalists who rose to fame but had a hard price to pay that ruined them. Lillian Roth s story I ll Cry Tomorrow portrayed by Susan Hayward, The Helen Morgan Story, The Country Girl, then A Star Is Born, and countless of other fictional or non fictional films on vocalists who pay the ultimate price for fame. .
In the year 1999 a city sized extraterrestrial battle cruiser crash lands on Earth, and over the next decade scientists and engineers repair its damage and refit it into a hybrid of human and alien technologies. What the Earth folks don t realize is that the ship has been tailed by an entire armada of heavily armed space battle cruisers who seek to claim the ship and its secrets for themselves. The aliens, called Zentraedi, are a formidable race of giants who have been bred for warfare, but as they approach their presence triggers a booby trap on the .
This was the surprise film at the Dublin Horrorthon this year and let s just say it was only surprising in that this is all that can be made of horror in Ireland. Firstly, the writer of the film must never have taken mushrooms in his or her life as during one sex scene the two unsuspecting teens take mushrooms and proceed to have sex, a noise outside is heard and they chalk it up to it being the shrooms taking effect. I understand that it was their first time taking them so that s the writing leeway that .
My brother and I rented this as a joke and out of curiosity. I mean, how do you make a movie about a couple floating around in shark infested water for 2 hours? Well we find out, and its every bit as boring as you d imagine. This movie doesn t mess around, within 10 minutes of the start of the movie they are in the water and lost. The movie then goes on to show them floating there, and trying to make it seem suspenseful at times. But when it comes down to it, they are just floating .
I have no idea how anyone can give this movie high marks. I didn t rent it thinking it was the next great horror flick, the next great horror spoof, or the next great low budget horror spoof. Obviously, this isn t meant to scare, but one fatal flaw with the production entirely sapped the joy out of the viewing experience. The sound editing was horrible. I had to work the volume control the entire movie. You can imagine how difficult it is to get into something even a low budget spoof when you re either turning the volume .
This movie had no redeeming factors except it well killed a boring afternoon. The Minotaur looked silly more like a sick milk cow with a over bite. The acting was flat no feeling even when Todd s character tried to seduce his sister, sick and really had nothing to do with the movie. The HERO Theo acted more lick a spoiled brat and by the end you were hoping he would be eaten. The MUTE girl was the only one I was glad survived to the end. Plus the adaption of the myth behind this movie was badly done. Lots of blood splatters I will give that but if you have 5 to rent a movie by pass this one unless you are really bored.
I also joined IMDB for the sole purpose of commenting on this film, but so that I can sing its praises. I had never heard of this movie it s packaged so horribly that it s easy to see why it may get passed over but a good friend suggested it to me and I m so glad she did. It s a gem of a film. The actors are great Kathy Bates and Meredith Eaton in particular and look like they are truly having a fun time. Sure at times it was a bit over the top, but I cannot remember the last time I laughed so hard or so many times over the course of two hours. If you love to laugh, then you owe it to yourself to see this film. br br Highly Recommended.
I ve had a chance to see Drivers Wanted a couple times in the past few years. Each time I m struck by its natural warmth. Ordinarily, warmth means that the actors, director, and crew have done their job to create a theatrical experience that simulates emotional warmth. In this case, however, it feels much more genuine. It s the warmth you feel when you get a gift from your best friend that says they really know you as opposed to the warmth of getting exactly what you asked for on your Christmas list. But it s this warmth .
SPOILERS Owing much to Edgar Allan Poe as do several of his budget pictures , Val Lewton s production of ISLE OF THE DEAD has it all the fear of premature burial, the fear of contagion, the fear of the undead the fear of madness... Center stage which is exactly where he belonged all along is Boris Karloff. Not for the final time does he steal the show in a Lewton production. Hardened by the horrors of war including the plague that follows close on its heels , his character is driven to the brink of... Well, see for yourself. Suffice it to say that the Lewton unit strikes gold again. As absorbing and as unique as its predecessors, ISLE OF THE DEAD belongs among the first rank of fright films.
